agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYsbIDDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiy3gUM	What's Nearby - Nearby
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYmboDDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi5hQYM	What's Nearby - Android - What's Nearby
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYmroDDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjR_QUM	iMosaic Project - iMosaic Project
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY6ckDDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiy3gUM	What's Nearby - iPhone Place Page - Nearby
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY0dEDDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBihjQYM	Barcode Ninja - Search - Barcode Ninja
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYudkDDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBix3gUM	Simple Ads - Test Banner  - EnRoute
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYoeEDDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBix3gUM	Simple Ads - MRect  - EnRoute
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY2fgDDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiB7gUM	RadioNinja - Listen Page - Highnote Mobile Internet Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY4Z8EDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiB7gUM	RadioNinja - Stations Listing Page - Highnote Mobile Internet Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYyacEDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiB7gUM	RadioNinja - Favorites Page - Highnote Mobile Internet Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYydkEDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjp9QUM	asf - iMosaic Project
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY2acFDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBix3gUM	EnRoute - EnRoute
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYwa8FDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBix3gUM	yo - EnRoute
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYmeYFDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBix3gUM	Test ad unit - EnRoute
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY2aQGDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjxnAYM	SimpleAds Top Banner - SimpleAds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY8ZkHDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiy3gUM	Interstitial - Nearby
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY-cAHDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiJlQYM	SimpleAds - Banner - SimpleAds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY4cgHDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiJlQYM	SimpleAds - MRect - SimpleAds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYstgHDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjxnAYM	SimpleAds Interstitial - SimpleAds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYkrYIDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjhwgkM	Interstitial AdUnit - SimpleAds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY8pMJDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiZ2gkM	Bottom Banner - Gaia GPS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYwaMJDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiB7gUM	Launch Interstitial - Highnote Mobile Internet Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYqasJDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiJlQYM	Simple Ads - Interstitial - SimpleAds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY-roJDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi59goM	Load Interstitial - Topo Maps Pro
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYycoJDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjhwgkM	SimpleAds AdUnit - SimpleAds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYgeIJDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiZ2gkM	Interstitial - Gaia GPS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYyccKDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjhvwoM	Bottom Banner - Gaia GPS Lite (Topo Maps)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYgd8KDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjhvwoM	Load Interstitial - Gaia GPS Lite (Topo Maps)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYiYYLDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBih_goM	Load Interstitial - Topo Maps Beta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYwZ0LDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjZlQsM	Banner - HeadingOut
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYka0LDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBippQsM	top main page - test app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYkq0LDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjxigwM	Home Ad Unit - Movie Club for iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYkaoMDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBii-wsM	Banner - SimpleAds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYycEMDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBii-wsM	MRect - SimpleAds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYsckMDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBii-wsM	iPhone Interstitial - SimpleAds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY2Y8NDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiJgA0M	Level Chooser bottom ad - FRG
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYscYNDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiJgA0M	End Game Interstitial - FRG
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY6d0NDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjxigwM	Interstital Ad Unit - Movie Club for iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY0eUNDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiJgA0M	Robot Config bottom ad - FRG
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYue0NDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiJgA0M	Leaderboards Bottom ad - FRG
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYscMODA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjbjw0M	Bottom - AppManager
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY0eIODA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjp2g4M	test unit - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY8YEPDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjZlQsM	Interstitial - HeadingOut
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYifcPDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBih7w8M	MapView Top Banner - Gaia GPS Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY-aUQDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiRnhAM	Primary - iWant
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY0dwQDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBih7w8M	Settings Top Banner - Gaia GPS Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYueQQDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBih7w8M	Settings Bottom Banner - Gaia GPS Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYoewQDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBih7w8M	Saved Top Banner - Gaia GPS Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYifQQDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBih7w8M	Trip Computer Top Banner - Gaia GPS Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY8fsQDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBih7w8M	Trip Computer Bottom Banner - Gaia GPS Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY2YMRDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBih7w8M	App Open Interstitial - Gaia GPS Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYmcIRDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBih7w8M	Upgrade Ad Unit - Gaia GPS Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY6tERDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiJ8REM	Interstitial - SimpleAds Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY8fgRDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiJ8REM	Banner Ad - SimpleAds Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYya8SDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjhpxIM	Test Ad - Test Inventory
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYsbcSDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBii-wsM	Navigational Interstitial - SimpleAds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYudsTDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBih7w8M	Upgrade Ad Unit (iPad) - Gaia GPS Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY8fITDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiJ6xMM	Test 1 - Test Application
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYkZIUDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiJ6xMM	Test 2 - Test Application
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYgcEUDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiZuRQM	Test1 - Movies
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY6cUVDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjR0xMM	mainscreen_300250 - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY8ewVDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiJ5RUM	Full Page - Relaxomator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY2vQVDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiRjBYM	Marine Charts Search Banner - Marine Charts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYsasWDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjJoxYM	Map Banner - Waterway Guide Navigator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYid8XDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBih7w8M	Default House Ad - Gaia GPS Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYyZ0YDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiB7gUM	Station Playback Interstitial - Highnote Mobile Internet Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYucYaDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjRvhoM	MDC Map Banner - Marinas.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY0rsbDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiiyxsM	Free banner ad - Convert Units for Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYvsMbDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi9wxsM	Marlinalife Main - Marinalife
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYitMbDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjTuxsM	blah banner ad - blah
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY8dobDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiJ0xsM	asdf - Android Application
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY9NobDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiiyxsM	FULLSCREEN - Convert Units for Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYmaEcDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBixmRwM	bakodo banner ad - Bakodo - Barcode Scanner and QR Bar Code Reader
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYucAcDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiU-hsM	Friendly - Bottom Banner - Friendly for Facebook
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY89ccDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiL0BwM	Test app full screen ad - Test app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYqe8cDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiM0BwM	test1 banner ad - test1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYlvccDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiFph0M	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYmfccDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjRjh0M	Interstitial - Fake-An-Excuse : Hangup Now!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY-v4cDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj5_hwM	Banner Ad - Angry Birds Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY4YYdDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj5_hwM	Interstitial - Angry Birds Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY5YYdDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjrrR0M	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYzo4dDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjnhh0M	ssss banner ad - ssss
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYnJ4dDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiGph0M	Test 1 banner ad - Test 1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYnZ4dDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjurR0M	Cloudbot banner ad - Cloudbot
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYg6YdDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj-_hwM	Just playing with MoPub banner ad - Just playing with MoPub
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYi6YdDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiKph0M	Feel the Bass Lite banner ad - Feel the Bass Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY8K0dDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjQjh0M	angrybird banner ad - Angry Birds Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY8a0dDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjRjh0M	Banner Ad - Fake-An-Excuse : Hangup Now!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY07UdDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBir7B0M	stest banner ad - stest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYvr0dDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBis7B0M	Events & Places banner ad - Events & Places
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYv70dDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj11B0M	iCopter Free banner ad - iCopter Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYocUdDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi7vR0M	Testing banner ad - Testing
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYis0dDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi7vR0M	Banner Ad - Testing
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY29wdDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBip7B0M	Imbu banner ad - Imbu
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY3dwdDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiR9B0M	Invisible Pong banner ad - Invisible Pong
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYlPQdDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjKix4M	test app banner ad - test app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYzIseDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi2kx4M	foo banner ad - foo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYmpseDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiZmx4M	Test app banner ad - Test app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYuboeDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjRsh4M	Banner Ad - Aylin's Hair Salon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYuroeDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjZ2R4M	Banner Ad - Aylin's Hair Salon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYvboeDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjc2R4M	Gravity Guy Interstitial - Android - Gravity Guy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYisoeDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBikwh4M	Easy Chinese 123 banner ad - Easy Chinese 123
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY9NEeDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiPyh4M	Mobile Snap banner ad - Mobile Snap
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY3tkeDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjVsh4M	Oh!Quotes banner ad - Oh!Quotes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYweEeDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjy0R4M	TV Listings for Android - What's On - TV Listings for Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYx-EeDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiOyh4M	Aylin's salon - Aylin's Hair Salon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYqekeDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjSsh4M	iCopter Free banner ad - iCopter Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYrOkeDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjc2R4M	Gravity Guy Banner Ad - Android - Gravity Guy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYrekeDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi-uh4M	Test App banner ad - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY-vgeDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBibmB8M	Fake-A-Call banner ad - Fake-A-Call TM
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY-_geDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBizkB8M	hdfka; banner ad - hdfka;
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY4YAfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj5-B4M	 banner ad - Phit Droid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY6oAfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjWiB8M	Bender banner ad - Bender
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYy4gfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjppx8M	hurd banner ad - Playman Track & Field
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY0ogfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiB-R4M	Wikia banner ad - Wikia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY1IgfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiC-R4M	Mobile Web Test banner ad - Mobile Web Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYtpAfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjkgB8M	Derp banner ad - Derp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYt5AfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj8-B4M	Test banner (m.mobstac.com) - TestMobStac
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYuJAfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjZrx8M	WildTangent banner ad - WildTangent
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYmZgfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiykB8M	Check out my sweet icon banner ad - Check out my sweet icon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYq5gfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBimvx8M	First app banner ad - First app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYgaAfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiamB8M	Makin scooters banner ad - Makin scooters
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYhqAfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiimB8M	WildTangent Carrier1OEM1 banner ad - WildTangent Carrier1OEM1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYh6AfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi6tx8M	Stickery banner ad - Stickery: Mermaid Waters
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYiqAfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	carbuzz banner ad1 - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYj6AfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjEtx8M	MN banner ad - MN
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYk6AfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiR-R4M	skyfire banner ad - Skyfire Web Browser 3.0
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY6qcfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiCoB8M	angry birds banner ad - Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY7KcfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjMiB8M	SG Malls banner ad - SG Malls Singapore
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY068fDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjSrx8M	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY1K8fDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjrpx8M	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY1q8fDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBifmB8M	MobileNews Test banner ad - MobileNews Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYrL8fDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjliB8M	Cloud test ads - Cloud Print BETA test ads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYjMcfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjD3h8M	html color picker banner ad - HTML Color Picker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYkccfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjI3h8M	Monkey Kick banner ad - Monkey Kick Off
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYk8cfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiSxx8M	Gravity Guy Interstitial - Gravity Guy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYlccfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjK3h8M	ok banner ad - OM (Officiel)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYmMcfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiXxx8M	Youtube.com - Crazy illusions
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYrMcfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjR5h8M	HelloAds banner ad - HelloAds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYrccfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBid9h8M	LiveLeak banner ad - LiveLeak
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY8s4fDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiC-R4M	Banner Ad 2 - Mobile Web Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY884fDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjc1h8M	test banner ad - The Moron Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY-c4fDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi05h8M	OBLO banner ad - OBLO
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY-84fDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiC9h8M	Ping Pong - Insanely Addictive! banner ad - Ping Pong - Insanely Addictive!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY_c4fDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiSxx8M	Gravity Guy banner ad - Gravity Guy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYgs8fDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBicxx8M	tes2 banner ad - tes2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYjM8fDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiZ7h8M	Test Mobile Web Banner Ad - 320x50 - MocoSpace Chat
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYmc8fDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj_1h8M	Fuq Around banner ad - Fuq Around
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY2tYfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiq5h8M	Angry banner ad - Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY3dYfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj0zh8M	WeeklyWorldNews banner ad - WeeklyWorldNews
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY6dYfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjo1h8M	MyAppTest banner ad - MyAppTest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY7dYfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBia7h8M	DemoAndroid banner ad - DemoAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYwd4fDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjZ1h8M	bender banner ad - Bender
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYxt4fDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj-9R8M	Stickery: Mermaid Waters banner ad - Stickery: Mermaid Waters
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYyd4fDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjI3h8M	Monkey Kickoff Interstitial - Monkey Kick Off
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYzd4fDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBid7h8M	asd banner ad - ASD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYz94fDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiFzx8M	prueba banner ad - prueba
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYq-YfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiq5h8M	Banner Ad - Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYseYfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiNxx8M	The Rock App banner ad - The Rock App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYveYfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiDzx8M	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY0uYfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjRjh0M	Banner Ad - Fake-An-Excuse : Hangup Now!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY0-YfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiQ_h8M	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY1uYfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	TestApp banner ad - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYnu4fDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi65h8M	tes1 banner ad - tes1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYoO4fDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiJzx8M	skank banner ad - Spin Reggae
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYpe4fDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiN9h8M	HolaUsuario banner ad - HolaUsuario
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYse4fDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiB1x8M	Live Leak banner ad - LiveLeak
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY-_UfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjg1h8M	test app banner ad - test app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY_fUfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjl_R8M	The Rock App Medium ad - The Rock App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY__UfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiZ7h8M	Mocospace Chat Home banner ad - MocoSpace Chat
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYi_YfDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj11h8M	TV PVR banner ad - TV PVR
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY7f0fDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjs_R8M	Monkey Kick banner ad - Monkey Kick
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY5okgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBicgS4M	knots banner ad - Knots
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYmpUgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiBnSAM	paper toss banner ad - Paper Toss
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY1awgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj3yyAM	real estate banner ad - Zillow Real Estate
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY3KwgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiwvCAM	Facebook banner ad - Facebook
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY3qwgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiEzCAM	game banner ad - Battery Doctor Pro - Max Your Battery Life
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY4KwgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiHzCAM	Test 2 banner ad - Test 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY46wgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjM2yAM	jay phon banner ad - Evolution Live Wallpaper
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYubQgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjRrCAM	Paddle Ball banner ad - Paddle-Ball
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYwLQgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi_tCAM	Angry Birds banner ad - Angry Birds Canary Edition
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYp7wgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBis4yAM	in_development banner ad - in_development
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYrLwgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi_tCAM	Interstitial Ad - Angry Birds Canary Edition
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYr7wgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjbrCAM	Run Coach - Fitness & Training banner ad - Run Coach - Fitness & Training
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYtbwgDA	NONE	Banner Ad - NONE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYisQgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBja0yAM	tunisia banner ad - Tunisia Emergency
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYkMQgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiqvCAM	Test 1 banner ad - Test 1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYkcQgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjXrCAM	Banner Ad - Radio Aktiv
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY9csgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBikvCAM	SwissJass beta banner ad - SwissJass beta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY_ssgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjXrCAM	Banner Ad - Radio Aktiv
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYgMwgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBji0yAM	The Magic H8 Ball banner ad - The Magic H8 Ball
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY2dMgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjyyyAM	MASH Valentine's Day banner ad - MASH Valentine's Day
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY29MgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiLxCAM	Poker 5x5 banner ad - Poker 5x5 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY6NMgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjJ2yAM	talking john dog banner ad - Talking John Dog &amp; Soundboard
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYxdsgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiCzCAM	Tap banner ad - Tap
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYxtsgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiqvCAM	Medium Ad - Test 1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY1NsgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiNzCAM	Main menu < 057 - Cloud Print ads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYvuMgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjP2yAM	dmob banner ad - dmob
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY-fIgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiR6yAM	Friendly Plus - Bottom Banner - Friendly Plus for Facebook
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY4fogDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi4vCAM	InifiniteMazes banner ad - InifiniteMazes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY5vogDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjorCAM	Fart Pranks Z4Z Lite banner ad - Fart Pranks Z4Z Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYtIohDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiziiEM	Magnify banner ad - Magnify
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYuoohDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj4yCEM	my app banner ad - my app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYg5ohDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjRqSEM	doraemon banner ad - Doraemon Fishing Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYiZohDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBijjyIM	Fifteen banner ad - Fifteen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYorkhDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiJwSEM	Grindr Banner Ad - Grindr - Gay, bi, & curious guy finder of the same sex.
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY98ghDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj2yCEM	Persuasion banner ad - Persuasion
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY2dAhDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiLwSEM	MocoSpace Mobile Web 300x250 banner ad - MocoSpace Mobile Web 300x250
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYwtghDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjh9yEM	tunewiki banner ad - TuneWiki - Lyrics + Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY-e8hDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiR6CEM	ChartBoost banner ad - ChartBoost
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY-u8hDA	NONE	Interstitial - NONE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY4_chDA	NONE	Inters - NONE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYzP8hDA	NONE	FullScreen Ad - NONE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYsYciDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjJ_yEM	pujilio banner ad - pujilio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYs4ciDA	NONE	Interstitial - NONE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYm48iDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi7riIM	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYoo8iDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi4hyIM	Guardian Interstitial Ad - The Guardian Offline Reader
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYiJciDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBigjyIM	labpixies banner ad - Flood-It! 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYi5ciDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj67CIM	yuilop banner ad - yuilop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYjZciDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiMlyIM	Shipwreck banner ad - Shipwreck
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYj5ciDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjG1SIM	pdxclassical banner ad - pdxclassical
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY6Z4iDA	NONE	Interstitial - NONE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY0qYiDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjh9yEM	Interstitial - TuneWiki - Lyrics + Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYua4iDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiDlyIM	Banner Ad - StarQuality
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYuq4iDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjN_yEM	TestApp banner ad - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYwa4iDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi4hyIM	Guardian banner ad - The Guardian Offline Reader
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYqLYiDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjuniIM	cinestrenos banner ad - cinestrenos
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYrLYiDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBirtiIM	12 banner ad - 12
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY8cUiDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiJviIM	Whale Alert banner ad - Whale Alert
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY9MUiDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiLviIM	World Bike banner ad - World Bike
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYytUiDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjP_CIM	Fitness banner ad - AllSport GPS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYge0iDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj4niIM	Penalty Kick banner ad - Penalty Kick
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYyfwiDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiq3SIM	yuilop banner ad - yuilop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYtYQjDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjM_CIM	T banner ad - T
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY6psjDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjh9yEM	Banner Ad - TuneWiki - Lyrics + Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY65sjDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiClCMM	Pocket Sailor banner ad - Pocket Sailor
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY0qMjDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiisyMM	Leaderboard - AllTrails - Trails and Offline Topo Maps for the Outdoors: Hiking, Camping, Mountain Biking, Running, Fishing, National Parks, and More
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY06MjDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjB0iMM	Knots banner ad - Knots
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYpLMjDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiElCMM	Bottoms Up banner ad - Bottoms Up
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYqdojDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiakiEM	angry bird banner ad - Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY-ekjDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiq2iMM	Appzapp banner ad - AppZapp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYj_UjDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj-_zQM	DailyCute 320x50 - DailyCute
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYyfkjDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiFmiEM	a banner ad - a
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYmYkkDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjK-SMM	https://market.android.com/details?id=com.app.bill&feature=search_result banner ad - https://market.android.com/details?id=com.app.bill&feature=search_result
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYuagkDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi4iiEM	WeiboXL Lite banner ad - WeiboXL Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYi7gkDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiKuCQM	ppt banner ad - ppt
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYq8YkDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjByzQM	Materia Medica Lite banner ad - Materia Medica Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY2cckDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjxvyQM	Aahh Be Free banner ad - Aahh! Be Free!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY3sckDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBinsCQM	20110331 banner ad - 20110331
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYpu8kDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK_yQM	el koujina banner ad - El Koujina
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYpMglDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi1-yQM	Whiteboard Lite: Collaborative Drawing banner ad - Whiteboard Lite: Collaborative Drawing
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYwd4lDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjA3iUM	Angry Birds banner ad - Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYwbwmDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi8zDQM	Six Billion Secrets 300x250 - Six Billion Secrets
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYgoAnDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiB-CYM	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY8pcnDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiz6SYM	Sleeps to Christmas Lite banner ad - Sleeps to Christmas Lite - Christmas Countdown
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY68EnDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiU-hsM	Test Build - Banner Bottom - 04/24/15:09 - Friendly for Facebook
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYndEnDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjLjzUM	Taste of Awesome 320x50 - Taste of Awesome
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY0KEpDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjKvCgM	Charlie Sheen banner ad - Charlie Sheen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYwboqDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi1jjIM	CheckersKingFreeiPad banner ad - CheckersKingFree
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYmIctDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiQgCwM	barcode banner ad - Barcode Scanner
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY5rotDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj2si4M	Rebecca Black banner ad - Rebecca Black
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYv9ctDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjUlC0M	Rebecca Black banner ad - Rebecca Black
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYyPAtDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiFnSEM	Smartphowned 320x50 - Smartphowned
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY1L0uDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjTvS4M	3. Free Songs Interstitial - LYRIC LEGEND 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYqsUuDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjLyCsM	ifart banner ad - iFart
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYq6IwDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjg2y8M	Sweets Maker banner ad - Sweets Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYq6swDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiqqzAM	FbTouch XT - FbTouch XT
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYysowDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBismiUM	INDIANBOY - SONG DOWNLOAD banner ad - INDIANBOY - SONG DOWNLOAD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYoOEwDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjK8C0M	Love Gives Me Hope 300x250 - Love Gives Me Hope
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY494xDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiV_DIM	iPhone Anime banner ad - iPhone Anime
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY-_MxDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjM0DAM	Sound Apps banner ad - Sound Apps
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYyYcyDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjM_C4M	Simple E-liquid Calculator banner ad - Simple E-liquid Calculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY1qkyDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjJrzIM	Soberz SMS banner ad - Soberz SMS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYydQyDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj65jEM	Unfriendable 320x50 - Unfriendable
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY84gzDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjKgTQM	Banner Ad - Lyrics
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYwagzDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjTvS4M	Banner Ad - LYRIC LEGEND 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYws4zDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjKgTQM	Lyrics banner ad - Lyrics
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYw9YzDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	Main Screen - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYz400DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjEyDQM	TheSportsCampus.com banner ad - TheSportsCampus.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYw8w0DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi4xyQM	GMH Top 300x250 - Gives Me Hope
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY6dY0DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	Banner Ad - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY54Y1DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiXnCEM	OMG-Facts 300x250 - OMG-Facts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYqoY2DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	Brands List - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY_802DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjPt0IM	FinalFortress banner ad - FinalFortress
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYvOc2DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiUh0cM	Fline banner ad - Fling
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY2vY2DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi4q0cM	Hindi Radio and Asia News banner ad - Hindi Radio and Asia News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYnNw3DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjkyDkM	Flick Note Ad - Flick Note
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYl_43DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	Article Screen - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYjYU4DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	Brand Screen - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY95E4DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjn5jkM	Solitaire banner ad - Solitaire
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY3pQ4DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	Model Screen - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY04A7DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiUx0UM	Phyzpop banner ad - Phyzpop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYuY47DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBigrDoM	YWAM banner ad - YWAM
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY-LM7DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiF2DsM	santa jump banner ad - A Glow Doodle Tennis 2 FREE - Highly Addictive
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY8cY7DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiz2TsM	320 x 50 Banner - WALLHD - BG Plus
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYwvI7DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	Targeted Brand Ad - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY0oc8DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjwxjsM	320 x 480 Fullscreen - VIDEO - Aww So Cute
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYnpI8DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	Splash  - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYu9I8DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi4sjwM	India News banner ad - The Times of India
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYgtk8DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBimzUoM	Kongregate Arcade Banner 320x50 - Kongregate Arcade
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYsdo8DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBimzUoM	Kongregate Arcade Tablet 728x90 - Kongregate Arcade
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYo4U9DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjqlD0M	Flow for Facebook banner ad - Flow for Facebook - Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY_qg9DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjYgT0M	Booqly banner ad - Booqly
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYgrw9DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjSqjsM	Flow for Facebook banner ad - Flow for Facebook - Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYpsU9DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjKgTQM	Lyrics Full Screen - Lyrics
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYzb4-DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjz-D4M	Basketball Online banner ad - Basketball Online
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY8NE-DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjEsTsM	Basketball Online banner ad - Basketball Online
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYzOQ-DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj5nUEM	Mini Gay Boyfriend banner ad - Mini Gay Boyfriend
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY2eQ-DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiS10IM	Bogged banner ad - Bogged
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYxag_DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjl9z0M	Monthly organizer banner ad - Monthly Organizer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY9Mk_DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjRij8M	Monthly organizer banner ad - Monthly Organizer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYhNNADA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD00AM	All India News Reader banner ad - Hindi Radio and Asia News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYjtNADA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBit4kAM	All India News Reader banner ad - All India News Reader
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYq_lADA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiH1z4M	Bugs Race Free banner ad - Bugs Race Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYu4hBDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBit4kAM	Banner Ad - All India News Reader
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYgZBBDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi1vD8M	Bugs Race Free banner ad - Bugs Race Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYgtFBDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjD8jwM	BeeHub banner ad - BeeHubFree
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY8YlCDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjE3kIM	Mini Gay Boyfriend banner ad - Mini Gay Boyfriend
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYsKpCDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBivqkIM	Dots banner ad - Dots
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYurpCDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjJskIM	MultiSpeak Ad - MultiSpeak
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY_MZCDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjCzkIM	Final Fortress banner ad - Final Fortress
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYudBCDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiI0DYM	adfsd banner ad - adfsd
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYmOxCDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiJ5EIM	Mini Gay Boyfriend iPhone Banner Ad - Mini Gay Boyfriend
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY3PRCDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiu_EIM	DroidTropes Ad - DroidTropes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYxaNDDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiDskMM	MyMarket Ad - MyMarket
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY-LhDDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiev0AM	Bogged banner ad - Bogged2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYo8NDDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBih80cM	Chuck Norris Jokes banner - Chuck Norris Jokes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYo4FEDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjSmEQM	Banner Ad - Thai Airport Flight Info
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYhYhEDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi--EMM	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY_I1EDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi6_UMM	Roulette 2k10 Lite banner ad - Roulette 2k10 LITE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYqNJEDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjB5kMM	Roulette 2k10 Lite banner ad - Roulette 2k10 LITE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY3-1EDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjl-UIM	Banner Ad - Amsterdam Schiphol Flight Info
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY_thFDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjI8j8M	Chinese Checkers King for iPhone banner ad - Chinese Checkers King for iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYv4hGDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjQyEgM	Faster Catcher banner ad - Faster Catcher
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYlcxGDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiGpkEM	HomeControl banner ad - Home Control
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYnd5GDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiMqk4M	Impossible Quiz ad - Impossible Quiz for iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY1s5HDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjqlUgM	Chinese Checkers King for iPad banner ad - Chinese Checkers King for iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYqP1HDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiM2UUM	notificationrestart banner ad - Notification Restart
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYtK5IDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj9zTgM	placeface banner ad - PlaceFace
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYg69IDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi4jkoM	Herculaneum banner ad - Herculaneum
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY7pdJDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjWgE4M	Find a Tim Hortons banner ad - Find A Tim Hortons
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY68hKDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjSnEsM	Lucky Love banner ad - Lucky Love
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYtudKDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiriUsM	Lyrics App banner ad - Lyrics App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYmupKDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiO_0EM	belwas banner ad - belwas
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY6MZLDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Profiles top - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY-9FLDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiriUsM	Full Screen Ad - Lyrics App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY9qJMDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBimzUoM	Kongregate Arcade Tablet 728x90 (Lenovo) - Kongregate Arcade
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY4r5MDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBimzUoM	Kongregate Arcade Banner 320x50 (Lenovo) - Kongregate Arcade
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY9txMDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjY20sM	Free English Dictionary banner ad - Free English Dictionary 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY999NDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjY8VAM	Find Dunkin Donuts banner ad - Find Dunkin&#39; Donuts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYue1NDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBib0T8M	Sudoku Platinum Free banner ad - Sudoku Platinum Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYr_dNDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBimzUoM	Kongregate Arcade Banner 320x50  (Dell) - Kongregate Arcade
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYq6tODA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiqq04M	Kongregate Arcade 320x50 - Development/Testing
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY5vtODA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjBw1AM	Ultimate Converter banner ad - Ultimate Converter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYz4xQDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjG1E4M	.fruitninja banner ad - .fruitninja
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY8ZlQDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBimzUoM	Kongregate Arcade Tablet 728x90 (Dell) - Kongregate Arcade
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYrsRQDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBirpVAM	Radio Ball 3D banner ad - Radio Ball 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY09hQDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj73jgM	Link Pair Free banner ad - Link Pair Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY1-BQDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjx808M	Link it your self [180] - Link It Yourself Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYiOpSDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBir4lIM	ToDo Together banner ad - ToDo Together
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYh5VTDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBionVMM	test fullscreen banner ad - test fullscreen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYtelTDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiY9FQM	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY3KVUDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi0rVQM	Workout Trainer Banner Ad 728x90 - WT iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY_axUDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj8rFQM	NZ Traffic banner ad - NZ Traffic
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYmLVUDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi0rVQM	Workout Trainer Banner Ad 320x50 - WT iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY48FUDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjiwVQM	muziqshop banner ad - muziqshop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY-MtVDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiqplcM	test fullscreen banner ad - test fullscreen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY-vlVDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj5-VUM	test medium banner ad - test medium
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY94BXDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi97lIM	Skimble GPS Sports Tracker banner 320x50 - GPS ST iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYyK9ZDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBja5FYM	slice it banner ad - Slice It!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY5LBZDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBik0FUM	Slide to Unlock banner ad - Slide to Unlock 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY1u1ZDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi97lIM	Sports Tracker iPad Banner Ad 728x90 - GPS ST iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYvZJbDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjVg1YM	APNdroid Beta ad unit - APNdroid Beta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYiu5bDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjK-SMM	https://market.android.com/details?id=com.game.treasure - https://market.android.com/details?id=com.app.bill&feature=search_result
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY2sZcDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBji5loM	Catch Phrase banner ad - Catch Phrase
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY4JZgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjUsGYM	LEDr interstitial - LEDr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYvMVgDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBji52gM	AndroWeather banner ad - AndroWeather
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY66RiDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGqGMM	Tamil Radio and News banner ad - Tamil Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY59piDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiiu2EM	Banner Ad - UK - Newz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY1_NiDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBixv2YM	Howz banner ad - Howz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYhvViDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjUsGYM	LEDr banner ad - LEDr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYkIBkDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGwmUM	Astrid banner ad - Astrid Task/Todo List
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYlZZkDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Profiles 1 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYmK9mDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBitjmUM	Banner Ad - Meebo IM
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYt8hmDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjqt2gM	BCBusinessOnline.ca banner ad - BCBusinessOnline.ca
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYo81nDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjZ3GkM	SPBHDF Banner Ad - Super Ball Pit HD Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY59JnDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Profiles 2 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYuOxnDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiiu2EM	UK - Newz - UK - Newz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY37xoDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Profiles top - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYpthoDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBitjmUM	meebo ipad mrect ad - Meebo IM
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY7f1oDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj5xmYM	Bottom DE - Swissradio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYxJBpDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi05WcM	Bird Sounds banner ad - Bird Sounds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYoNVqDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjlz2sM	Atomic - Preview Dialog - Atomic
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYtYxrDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjOvG8M	Banner Ad - Snooze Clock
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYtKRrDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi0xmgM	Alphabet For Kids banner ad - Alphabet For Kids
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYqKxrDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiBm28M	parharboyz.in banner ad - parharboyz.in
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYr61rDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBih4msM	Pusher banner ad - Pusher
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY2INsDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjZ028M	ContactBattle banner ad - Contact Battle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYtqdsDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi1p2wM	FruitSlot Free banner ad - FruitSlot Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY4rhsDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi39nAM	jmiadtest banner ad - jmiadtest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY0YJtDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiHnWcM	SLO  Bus Tracker banner ad - SLO Bus Tracker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYnbZtDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi2nWYM	haha banner ad - haha 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY5O9tDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjlz2sM	Atomic - Pause Dialog - Atomic
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYkfRtDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBimrnEM	Test App banner ad - Test iOS App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYwO1uDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjYlG0M	Crystal Dominance banner ad - Crystal Dominance
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYm7RvDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjwxjsM	320 x 50 Banner - VIDEO - Aww So Cute
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYvspvDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjMiB8M	Banner Ad - SG Malls Singapore
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYj8dwDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiu_m4M	ContactBattle banner ad - Random it 4 me
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYk_JwDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj5xmYM	FullScreen DE - Swissradio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYubBxDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi4sHEM	Test Medium ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYy8txDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiaim4M	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY5-BxDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi6zHYM	iPad - News Synergy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY0_dxDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjS93EM	com.zaphrox.android.flashlight banner ad - Flashlight LED - zaphrox
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY0rlyDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjbqXIM	Test Mobile Web banner ad - Test Mobile Web
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY8MRyDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjvjXYM	iPad Ad - Seek it Local
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYk9tyDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjOvG8M	Admob - Snooze Clock
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY_JJzDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi6zHYM	News Synergy banner ad - News Synergy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY4aFzDA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiTlXAM	AZAP Futbol banner ad - AZAP Futbol
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY5fh0DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi4sHEM	full Ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY3Il1DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj5_XUM	runtastic Pedometer banner ad - runtastic Pedometer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYnK12DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjvjXYM	Seek it Local banner ad - Seek it Local
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYpJ93DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjIgXkM	Texas Poker banner ad - Texas Poker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYtZJ4DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjMrHUM	xLancer banner ad - xLancer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYnKd4DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBijrHcM	The Radio banner ad - The Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYmK94DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiXr3gM	The Rock banner ad - The Rock
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYm5R5DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjVn3QM	Banner Profiles top - full mobile website
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY-_15DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBifoXsM	Mweb banner ad - Mweb
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYu-V6DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj-t3wM	Link Pair Food Theme banner ad - Link Pair - Food Theme
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY3e96DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjc73oM	Australian News banner ad - Australia News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYk6l7DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi_wX0M	TeeVlog banner ad - TeeVlogHD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYp9B7DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi3_nYM	12Horas Aerea News Aviation banner ad - 12Horas Aerea News Aviation
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYmNN7DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi4oWcM	Math banner ad - Math
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYn997DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjH_XkM	Checkers King Free banner ad - CheckersKingFree
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY5KV8DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiowXkM	Flashlight zaphrox banner ad - Flashlight zaphrox
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY9qZ8DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjH-HkM	12Horas Aerea News Aviation movel banner ad - 12Horas Aerea News Aviation movel 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY6Md8DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi4oHwM	Have You Ever banner ad - Have You Ever
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYwsl8DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjQwnoM	s banner ad - McDonald's
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY89N8DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjK0nsM	TeeVlog Medium(300x250) - TeeVlog HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYw4V9DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjd2XkM	Banner Ad - mypinkfriday
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY65B9DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiowH0M	Bubble banner ad - Bubble
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY9qt9DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj1q30M	VINDecode banner ad - VINDecode
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYobJ9DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiBiHwM	TeeVlog banner ad - TeeVlog HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY3rl9DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBinnmMM	Test CLicks on Live banner ad - Test CLicks on Live
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYhN59DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjF_ncM	Hungry Fish banner ad - Hungry Fish
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYgKZ-DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjd2XkM	Banner Ad 3 - mypinkfriday
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYmLd-DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBirvH0M	APNdroid Free Ad Unit - APNdroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUYm7t-DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG0oABDA	PreK Match Game banner ad - PreK Match Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY-op_DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjd2XkM	mypinkfriday banner ad - mypinkfriday
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY2Md_DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZpIMBDA	LawOfAttraction banner ad - Law of Attraction -- Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSBFNpdGUY1fB_DA	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiI6X0M	APNdroid unused Ad Unit - APNdroid unused
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpKuAAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Profiles 3 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlrqCAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVuoIBDA	TaskPad Lite Active Banner - TaskPad Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtvqCAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG0oABDA	Banner Ad2 - PreK Match Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY04WDAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBim9H0M	phoenix designer  - phoenix designer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsYqEAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj58nsM	Useless Facts banner ad - Useless Facts 2010 - Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkrqEAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRuoQBDA	Mobilizer banner ad - Mobilizer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtcSFAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi19YYBDA	Inter - TaskPad Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_OaFAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj_mXwM	Mobilizer banner ad - Mobilizer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4eeFAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjg54UBDA	App Hunter banner ad - App Hunter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwvOFAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	email 1 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw_OFAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Phonenumber 2 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2smGAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Image 1 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY28mGAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Blog 3 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk9eGAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjer4oBDA	LoanCalculator banner ad - Loan Calculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY09uHAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6u4UBDA	Banner Ad - TaskPad Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqMqIAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Phonenumber top - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoNeIAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Blog 2 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvOGIAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZlYIBDA	AD_TEST banner ad - AD_TEST
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwPGIAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Phonenumber 1 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqq2JAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBy48BDA	hoop banner ad - BasketBall Crazy Hoop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-LqJAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjg4ooBDA	Test_com2us banner ad - Test_com2us
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkdiJAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQ2IkBDA	Stress banner ad - Stress
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjeWJAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifn4sBDA	AD_TEST banner ad - AD_TEST
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm4eKAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKqowBDA	Music Folder Player banner ad - Music Folder Player
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlsuLAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	News 2 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpIaMAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLoYgBDA	Algeo banner ad - Algeo graphing calculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnIWNAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Video 1 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY94uNAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Weblink 2 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5Z2NAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Video 4 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6J2NAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Blog 1 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY56SNAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Document 3 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzayNAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Phonenumber 3 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYucONAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	email 4 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8umNAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi1oo0BDA	Cool Car Battles banner ad - Cool Car Battles
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw_GNAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5u48BDA	testing banner ad - testing
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2_6NAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Weblink top - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvYyOAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjh7Y0BDA	Dolphin Play banner ad - Dolphin Play
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9JiOAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik45EBDA	Game1 banner ad - Game1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY46iOAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjiqI4BDA	TeeVlog_MoPub - TeeVlog_MoPub
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0ryOAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizxZABDA	Victoria News banner ad - Victoria Sun
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYub2PAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	IM 1 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhMWPAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Blog 4 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhcWPAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	IM 3 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_MuPAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBju15MBDA	wpmbtest banner ad - wpmbtest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoNGPAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Weblink 4 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgN2PAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Video 2 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhN2PAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	email top - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2fGPAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	News 1 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY87CQAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Image 2 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7MyQAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjn748BDA	The Hindu Banner Ad - The Hindu
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY692QAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Document 4 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgJORAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3uosBDA	Medium Ads - Fun Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgJuRAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJy40BDA	ADModule banner ad - ADModule
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjqSRAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Blog top - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu7yRAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Document top - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwsaRAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Image top - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYydyRAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Weblink 3 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsuORAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Document 1 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt-mRAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	email 2 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw6GSAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	IM top - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxKGSAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	News top - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4bCSAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Document 2 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpMKSAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiy-ZQBDA	TeeVlog banner ad - TeeVlog HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjd-SAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Image 3 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0PWSAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	IM 2 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn4aTAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Phonenumber 4 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6YyTAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Video 3 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmZWTAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Profiles 4 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8LuTAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Weblink 1 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9MuTAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Video top - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_cuTAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Image 4 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgOGTAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYhJMBDA	sydney news banner ad - Sydney News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-_GTAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	email 3 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0oGUAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Home mrect 300x250 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY04GUAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	News top - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgJGUAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	News 3 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8qCUAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxoJQBDA	Banner ads - Android Fun Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2-WUAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBja5ZQBDA	Kazaloo main banner - Kazaloo - Chat &amp; pic swap FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY846VAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvh5YBDA	Jim Test banner ad - Jim Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzrqVAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmuZcBDA	imdb trivia banner ad - IMDB Trivia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtdKVAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	home 300_250 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzoCWAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjh0JIBDA	No.1 American Hits banner ad - No.1 American Hits
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7eaWAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Home rectangle 300x250 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7oyXAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqiJoBDA	DevelopmentApp banner ad - DevelopmentApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlrqXAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiImJUBDA	Blah Blah App banner ad - Blah Blah App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4MiXAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj88pgBDA	Android Test App banner ad - Android Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvdaXAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX-5QBDA	app_club banner ad - WebViewTest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvNmYAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiehpoBDA	Mobile_Grid_Top - Newser Mobile Site
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY36GZAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB65IBDA	iPhone Story Banner - Newser
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk92ZAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjjpkBDA	Toronto Star banner ad - Toronto Star Offline Reader
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_sOaAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB65IBDA	Newser OTG Banner - Newser
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1YqcAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYwZYBDA	Android Webcontrol banner ad - Android Webcontrol
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9dWcAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDjJ0BDA	Melbourne News banner ad - Melbourne News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYleicAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB65IBDA	iPhone Grid Banner - Newser
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-dSdAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB65IBDA	Newser List Banner - Newser
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjbeeAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMmJ0BDA	Chinese Checkers King banner ad - Chinese Checkers King
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhoCgAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiClCMM	Pocket Sailor Test Banner Ad - Pocket Sailor
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1cyiAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik3KIBDA	News Section (top) - SimpleAds Website
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY06OjAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiT9JwBDA	MegaSkipper banner ad - MegaSkipper
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo6qjAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFk6EBDA	shoop banner ad - PasswordApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3-2kAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjUsGYM	Banner Ad - LEDr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhZioAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5waoBDA	Pedometer banner ad - Pedometer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7PWoAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj40KkBDA	animalkururin banner ad - animalkururin
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiJmpAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHmakBDA	Tibia-ME.net banner ad - Tibia-ME.net
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnpGrAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi717EBDA	Banner Ad - Tiny Wings
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYieerAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimv6kBDA	adgfa banner ad - adgfa
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3aquAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjcqq4BDA	Banner Ad - Battery Viewer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7uOuAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjP9a0BDA	Timesheet banner ad - Timesheet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7ZGvAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjuy6wBDA	Pocket Sailor Test App fullscreen - Landscape - Pocket Sailor Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw6WvAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCpa8BDA	adgfa banner ad - adgfa
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiOmvAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjgkq0BDA	Buzzz banner ad - Buzzz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmZ-wAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYn7ABDA	Memory BimBadaBoum (banner) - Memory pour enfants Bimbadaboum
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY46KwAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjiorABDA	DatzWhatzUP banner ad - DatzWhatzUP
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYieOwAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjuy6wBDA	Pocket Sailor Test App banner ad - Pocket Sailor Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYguyxAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYn7ABDA	Full Screen - Memory pour enfants Bimbadaboum
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkpOyAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiMlyIM	Full Screen Ad - Shipwreck
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmZG0AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiu3LQBDA	728x90 iPad Banner - Dancing Jesse the Rabbit
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYycu1AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjkv6UBDA	Paranix banner ad - Paranix!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5L-2AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivirYBDA	test app banner ad - test app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYley6AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVt7oBDA	cassio banner ad - cassio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi8G7AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiT9LwBDA	Lyric Legend banner ad - LYRIC LEGEND The Fun Music Game For Learning Lyrics
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrt-7AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz1LwBDA	Slice It! banner ad - Slice It! Begins
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm--7AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjl7b4BDA	Slice it! banner ad - Slice it!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhYS8AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHgLsBDA	figaro banner ad - figaro
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0Ye8AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiP070BDA	PlayPing Banner Bottom - PlayPing
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvLK9AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiytbwBDA	Kids Make A Monster - Kids Make A Monster
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_fO9AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	Home mrect 300x250 - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi7e-AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSxcEBDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv87AAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1wMEBDA	BlackJack banner ad - BlackJack
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8c7AAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjo2cMBDA	Birthday Book banner ad - Birthday Book
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_ePEAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiig8UBDA	Beecon banner ad - Beecon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4I3FAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvmsYBDA	blog psg banner ad - blog psg
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7qrGAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWucgBDA	Mini Info banner ad - Mini Info
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz9vGAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjO28YBDA	Enzo's Pinball banner ad - Enzo&#39;s Pinball
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj4XHAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjF5r0BDA	paper glider banner ad - Paper Glider
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5pDHAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPz8cBDA	Paf le Chien banner ad - Paf le Chie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwpzHAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjy970BDA	Banner Ad - Miner Speed
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrcPJAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi77tABDA	Pro Football Touchdown Hero banner ad - Pro Football Touchdown Hero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlN3JAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjt5McBDA	iPad Banner Ad - Starfield 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoPHKAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxyccBDA	Paf le chien banner ad - Paf le chien
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY69LNAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVnc8BDA	Safe Neighborhood banner ad - Safe Neighborhood
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg-POAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC484BDA	lebanon news banner ad - lebanon news
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0YbSAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFodQBDA	Jimmy Droid banner ad - Jimmy Droid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9NTSAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPqdQBDA	Eno Video ad - Eno 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi6PTAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjb680BDA	RingToneVolumeScheduler_Free banner ad - RingToneVolumeScheduler_Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4_3UAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibq9UBDA	AssureMe banner ad - AssureMe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY85rZAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjO2eQBDA	Banner Ad - Chinese Horoscope
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi_HZAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK8dkBDA	Dream Bride banner ad - Dream Bride
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYufnZAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiu0t8BDA	Starbucks Nutrition Banner Ad - Starbucks Nutrition
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqLvbAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	iPad - Main Screen Single Box - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1NTbAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiN5doBDA	Chinese Horoscope banner ad - 320x50 Android - Chinese Horoscope
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYifbcAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPz8cBDA	Banner Top - Paf le Chie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxIHeAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3rOQBDA	DNA Maker banner ad - JP2 - DNA Checker soft.kinoko.DnaChecker 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj_jeAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_guIBDA	Miner Speed banner ad - Miner Speed
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-sjfAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5yN8BDA	Rikai Rikai banner ad - Rikai
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgZ3gAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZi9kBDA	Starbucks Nutrition Banner Ad - Starbucks Nutrition
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-dzgAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	iPad - Article Screen Bottom - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3e_gAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	iPad - Article Screen Medium - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtoThAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJ39wBDA	Banner Ad - DNA Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4rHhAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBis8egBDA	Spot Agent banner ad - Spot Agent
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2qjiAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjO2eQBDA	CN Horocope Admob - Chinese Horoscope
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn_riAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjO2eQBDA	Chinese Horoscope banner ad - Chinese Horoscope
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm-bjAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	iPad - Main Screen Large - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqO_jAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjO2eQBDA	CN Horoscope - admob - Chinese Horoscope
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2_jjAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjYqeABDA	Chenille Jumper banner ad - Chenille Jumper
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3rrkAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhw94BDA	ea banner ad - ea
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxNvkAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjD2-QBDA	Chenille Jumper banner ad - Chenille Jumper
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0fjkAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjWiB8M	Test Banner Ad - Bender
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkeXlAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWkOcBDA	Tablet Ad - Notational Acceleration
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwfflAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi77tABDA	Pro Football Touchdown Hero Full Screen Banner Ad - Pro Football Touchdown Hero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv-TmAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjr--YBDA	Unit Converter Banner Bottom - Unit Converter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtobnAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigxOcBDA	Ping Pong fullscreen - portrait - Ping Pong - Insanely Addictive!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi7znAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiKvOcBDA	Unit 2 (320  50) - Busuu Spanish Phone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYntDnAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiR_fABDA	knots banner ad - Knots
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlOfnAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiKvOcBDA	Unit 1 (320 x 50) - Busuu Spanish Phone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8KXoAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjeyeQBDA	Paper Glider Para Drop banner ad - Paper Glider Para Drop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoa_oAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrmOYBDA	singers friend lite banner ad - Singer's Friend Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1LvoAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi77tABDA	Fullscreen Test - delete this - Pro Football Touchdown Hero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgdroAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFsecBDA	Paper Glider banner ad - Paper Glider Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiJjpAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTiOwBDA	Fake app banner ad - Fake Me Out Of Here!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjazpAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMx-EBDA	BL banner ad - BL
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwtjqAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWkOcBDA	Notational Acceleration banner ad - Notational Acceleration
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx9PrAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB1_ABDA	knots banner ad - Knots
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmNfrAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOne4BDA	mCalc banner ad - mCalc
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1-DrAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB-OsBDA	dA Mobile 320x50 - Deviant Art
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgvjrAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCrO4BDA	English Dictionary on Amazon banner ad - English Dictionary on Amazon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmoTsAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjeyeQBDA	Paper Glider Para Drop Full Screen Ad - Paper Glider Para Drop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY34XsAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiNt-UBDA	Dog Remote banner ad - Dog Remote
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpafsAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5_u0BDA	Deviant Art banner ad - Deviant Art
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6PPsAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq1OwBDA	Banner Ad (Category selection) - Travel Apps (iPhone)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkaPtAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiny-oBDA	angry birds banner ad - Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzaXtAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8ze4BDA	chinese horoscope banner ad - Chinese Horoscope 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1vbtAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMp-wBDA	antenna widget banner ad - Antenna Widget
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgp3uAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjprO4BDA	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsrLuAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiOoe4BDA	Ibiza Sonica banner ad - Ibiza Sonica Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt8zuAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi77tABDA	Test banner ad - Pro Football Touchdown Hero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4MDvAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYktkBDA	Chinese Horoscope  banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Chinese Horoscope 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk-rvAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiL0u0BDA	Banner Ad - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_Y7wAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiL0u0BDA	 banner ad - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg6_wAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiL0u0BDA	Banner Ad - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo9zwAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1oewBDA	Knots banner ad - Knots
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY74zxAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFgPUBDA	alarmclock banner ad - alarmclock
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYppbyAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBillvIBDA	pViewer banner ad - pViewer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm-jyAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjq0vIBDA	Bonkey banner ad - Bonkey
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_ozzAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikqP8BDA	Ping Pong - TEST APP banner ad - Ping Pong - TEST APP
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv6DzAQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQvvUBDA	Android banner ad - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv_P0AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi48fcBDA	Banner Ad - Flyplass (Airports in Norway)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn9n1AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBie2fUBDA	testappXXXX banner ad - testappXXXX
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9pb2AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1lvYBDA	Ping banner ad - Ping &amp; DNS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn5X4AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjiyfwBDA	Nothing Free banner ad - Nothing Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvsP4AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	Shin Nanikin - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5qb5AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjt5McBDA	iPhone Banner Ad - Starfield 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY78v5AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjorfsBDA	ClownNose banner ad - ClownNose
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY18z5AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigxOcBDA	Ping Pong banner ad - Ping Pong - Insanely Addictive!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx4_6AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikqP8BDA	Ping Pong TEST APP - Fullscreen - Ping Pong - TEST APP
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_JD8AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBji5eoBDA	JigSaw BH banner ad - JigSaw BH
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy_r8AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZj_oBDA	Monkey Kickoff fullscreen ad - Monkey Kick Off
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtKf9AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiexvsBDA	test3 banner ad - test3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo7P-AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiClCMM	Pocket Sailor fullscreen - Pocket Sailor
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5un-AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZj_oBDA	Monkey Kickoff banner ad - Monkey Kick Off
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYybr_AQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBji5eoBDA	fs - JigSaw BH
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtLeBAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj86IQCDA	House of Horrors banner ad - House of Horrors - Movies
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5aSCAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiEw4QCDA	iSmoke 4 Free - iSmoke 4 Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt7mEAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJqYQCDA	Sun banner ad - Sun
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0ryFAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj10pACDA	Banner Ad (Home screen) - Travel Apps (iPad)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5-CGAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigvo0CDA	testhisout banner ad - testhisout
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4ZqIAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0l40CDA	Mini Clip Test banner ad - Mini Clip Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrNSJAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj10pACDA	Banner Ad (Unit Overview) - Travel Apps (iPad)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY05GKAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNr4sCDA	Battery Widget Viewer - Battery Widget Viewer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8NaKAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip54UCDA	GoToilet banner ad - GoToilet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtPGKAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6nIsCDA	Chinese Horoscope  banner ad - 728x90 iPad - Chinese Horoscope  HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYobKLAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq1OwBDA	Banner Ad (Unit list) - Travel Apps (iPhone)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYub2LAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSnIkCDA	AD - MopubTest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8r-LAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0l40CDA	Miniclip Test Interstitial Ad - Mini Clip Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj7uNAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhqYsCDA	angry birds banner ad - Angry Birds Rio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiJSOAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj10pACDA	Banner Ad (Survival Guide) - Travel Apps (iPad)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxsuOAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj10pACDA	Banner Ad (Misc) - Travel Apps (iPad)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2NWOAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpiY0CDA	Top Banner - Chess.com - Play & Learn Chess - iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYytiPAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI540CDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY49yPAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	Satorare - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgvqPAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm-pECDA	Paper Glider Crazy Copter banner ad - Paper Glider Crazy Copter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuIWQAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi4xyQM	GMH Bottom 300x250 - Gives Me Hope
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv5SQAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq1OwBDA	Banner Ad (Unit overview) - Travel Apps (iPhone)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv5aQAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	iPad - Main Screen Bottom - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY94ORAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjO1JgCDA	Justin.tv banner ad - Justin.tv
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY55ORAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjStJECDA	320 x 50 Banner - WALLHD - Naruto
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyJWRAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	iPad - Sections Screen Bottom - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgpmRAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq1OwBDA	Banner Ad (Survival Guide) - Travel Apps (iPhone)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_5qSAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	iPad - Article In Text - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7OaSAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	iPad - Model Screen Bottom - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtv2SAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinqJMCDA	Busuu Spanish Tablet banner ad - Busuu Spanish Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrvuTAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	Muyung - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzZGUAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3o5QCDA	Record My Call banner ad - Record My Call
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2NiUAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm-pECDA	Paper Glider Crazy Copter Full Screen Banner Ad - Paper Glider Crazy Copter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy46VAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	Shin Sarakin - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzK-VAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizuZICDA	www.thesocialwebexpert.com banner ad - www.thesocialwebexpert.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_7OVAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiu0oUCDA	320 x 50 Banner - CGAME - Doodle Fruit
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmcSVAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	iPad - Brand Screen Bottom - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy9iVAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjAypoCDA	Justin.tv banner ad - Justin.tv
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs9uVAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	iPad - Brand Screen Bottom - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3-iVAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBje6JUCDA	stinkykids  320 x 50 banner ad - StinkyKids and the Runaway Scissors StoryChimes...
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYudOWAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjO95YCDA	Banner Ad x 50 - MacCiti
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY94WXAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixkpgCDA	320X50 - OP_3D LAB_A_TEST
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4cWXAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBilwZYCDA	koks banner ad - koks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7cuXAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQlJkCDA	Justin.tv banner ad - Justin.tv
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4YCYAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG95oCDA	Friendly for Android banner ad - Friendly for Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq5mYAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjO1JgCDA	Justin.tv medium rectangle ad - Justin.tv
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvpuYAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjO95YCDA	MacCiti Banner Ad - MacCiti
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsKGYAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik35kCDA	Tippy tower banner ad - Tippy Tower
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_7yYAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjO1JgCDA	Justin.tv full screen ad - Justin.tv
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgd6YAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWlpkCDA	Bubble Live Wallpaper banner ad - Bubble Live Wallpaper
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5ZSZAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	Interstitial - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1vaZAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjAx5kCDA	The Three Pigs Storychimes banner ad - Three Little Pigs Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzaqaAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXmJYCDA	Cinderella Storychimes banner ad - Cinderella Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8qyaAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib6pYCDA	The Three Little Pigs (free) banner ad - Three Little Pigs iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrOabAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVmZ8CDA	320X50 - HOMERUN BATTLE 3D FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsfucAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiO_qYCDA	WordMap banner ad - WordMap
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy5mdAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	Banner Ad2 - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYioeeAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	Banner Ad - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-Y-eAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	iPad - Brand Screen Box - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnLOeAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBje6JUCDA	stinkkids leaderboard ad - StinkyKids and the Runaway Scissors StoryChimes...
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6JmfAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVmZ8CDA	300X250 - HOMERUN BATTLE 3D FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq6yfAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKp6ACDA	Saavn.com iPhone Web App banner ad - Saavn.com iPhone Web App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp7CfAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihw54CDA	Funny Songs Ringtones banner ad - Funny Songs Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_-GfAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixkpgCDA	300X250 - OP_3D LAB_A_TEST
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhsGhAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVmZ8CDA	Full - HOMERUN BATTLE 3D FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0MOhAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixkpgCDA	Full - OP_3D LAB_A_TEST
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYit2hAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihw6YCDA	Snap Snap Banner Ad - [abandon]camera Menue
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-oCiAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqiKYCDA	Persuasion banner ad - Persuasion
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5NKjAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj0qMCDA	Android Banner Ad - Saavn Music
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiYSkAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpiY0CDA	Medium Rectangle - Chess.com - Play & Learn Chess - iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYioSkAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpiY0CDA	Full Screen - Chess.com - Play & Learn Chess - iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgMGkAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihw6YCDA	camera Menue banner ad - [abandon]camera Menue
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyMqkAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZoKMCDA	Banner Top - Chess.com - Play & Learn Chess
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvtmkAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpiY0CDA	Bottom Banner - Chess.com - Play & Learn Chess - iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4LylAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjP1KMCDA	Ping Pong - TEST APP Full Screen - Landscape - Ping Pong - TEST APP 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_fqlAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjAx5kCDA	Three Pigs Tablet Landscape - Three Little Pigs Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0ISmAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	kimagureorange - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmrqmAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZpKQCDA	Top Banner - Chess.com - Learn & Play Chess - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY85KnAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZpKQCDA	Med Rec - Chess.com - Learn & Play Chess - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7qinAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk2pcCDA	Banner Ad - BannerDemo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_-ynAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib6pYCDA	Banner Ad - Three Little Pigs iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmf2nAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiO36UCDA	Banner Ad - BannerDemo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyaGoAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIoagCDA	Chess.com - Play & Learn Chess - iPad Top Banner - Chess.com - Play & Learn Chess
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8sCoAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpiY0CDA	Full Screen - iPad - Chess.com - Play & Learn Chess - iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2MKoAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKp6ACDA	Banner Ad - Saavn.com iPhone Web App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY15epAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBg6gCDA	Jack and the Beanstalk banner ad - Jack and the Beanstalk StoryChimes (FREE)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-ripAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZpKQCDA	Bottom Banner - Chess.com - Learn & Play Chess - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYioOrAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZpKQCDA	Full Screen - Chess.com - Learn & Play Chess - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhYyrAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpiY0CDA	Leaderboard - iPad - Chess.com - Play & Learn Chess - iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxKSrAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZpKQCDA	Full Screen - Chess.com - Learn & Play Chess - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnomsAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi97lIM	[Test Banner] Sports Tracker Banner 320x50 - GPS ST iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo-esAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBje6JUCDA	stinkykids 728 x 90 leaderboard ad - StinkyKids and the Runaway Scissors StoryChimes...
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-fKvAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAgKYCDA	TestAndroid banner ad - TestAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6POwAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiN17ECDA	birthday widget banner ad - Birthday Widget
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzKm1Agw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd27UCDA	TEST - tTorrent Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlp-6Agw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk3rgCDA	Travel Smart Banner Ad - Travel Smart
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0O27Agw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3tbgCDA	DeveloperPublish banner ad - DeveloperPublish
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgcm8Agw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3tbgCDA	Banner Ad - DeveloperPublish
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkcy8Agw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd27UCDA	LIVE - tTorrent Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqc-8Agw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjB0iMM	Banner Ad - Knots
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq9C8Agw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi56r8CDA	cybernetics banner ad - cybernetics
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk_a9Agw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiS9r0CDA	GoToilet banner ad - GoToilet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiv69Agw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi0rVQM	[Test Banner] Workout Trainer 320x50 Banner Ad - WT iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_ZC-Agw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8kL4CDA	check banner ad - check
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2Yq_Agw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFnsICDA	Word Frenzy Free interstitial - Word Frenzy Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn5jAAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihw6YCDA	Snooze Clock - [abandon]camera Menue
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgr3AAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHjsICDA	Word Master Free banner ad - Word Master Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzb3AAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMvcACDA	Word Mix Lite banner ad - Word Mix Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1IPBAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3rOQBDA	Banner Adddddd - JP2 - DNA Checker soft.kinoko.DnaChecker 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqZbBAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi82sACDA	Meshtop banner ad - Meshtop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuLLBAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVvMICDA	Celeb GossApp banner ad - Celeb GossApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz4nDAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAgKYCDA	Android MoPub Interstitial - TestAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq__DAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhkcUCDA	Bleacher Report Banner - Bleacher Report
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp5XEAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjV28ACDA	Winq banner ad - Winq
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYssPEAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFnsICDA	Word Frenzy Free Banner Ad - Word Frenzy Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYveXGAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi85cYCDA	Love Gives Me Hope Banner Ad - Love Gives Me Hope
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlYjHAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhms0CDA	Testin ad - Fruit Ninja
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7ZjHAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjenswCDA	The Series Notifier banner ad - The Series Notifier
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY37fHAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiziMoCDA	Bender Android Banner Ad - Bender Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh_zHAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiG_McCDA	FREE DOWNLOAD banner ad - FREE DOWNLOAD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn-rIAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiOos8CDA	zombie farm banner ad - Zombie Farm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzKjKAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjP49ECDA	Babykick Tracker banner ad - [abandon ]Babykick Tracker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx_PNAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYn7ABDA	InMobi - Memory pour enfants Bimbadaboum
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiZ7OAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhms0CDA	fruit ninja banner ad - Fruit Ninja
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr6LOAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	kazenojin - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj6vOAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQ_swCDA	Slice It!_300X250 - Slice It! 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuLrOAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQ_swCDA	Slice It!_Full - Slice It! 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxfzOAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtr8QCDA	Snooze Clock Banner Ad - [abandon ]Snooze Clock
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1YDPAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQ_swCDA	Slice It!_320X50 - Slice It! 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY49zQAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	 j2 gazounews FOOT - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpc3SAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	 i2 furyo FOOT - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr-TSAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	 m1 etc HEAD - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk-vSAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	 b2 fuzoku FOOT - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlfbSAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	 d1 host HEAD - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtKTTAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	 b1 fuzoku HEAD - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6sLTAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	 d2 host FOOT - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2MjTAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	 c2 omizu FOOT - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtMvTAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVvt4CDA	Banner Ad - Wallstagram Live Wallpaper
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhNHTAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiY3NICDA	foobar banner ad - foobar
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4uPTAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	 l1 game HEAD - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4-PTAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	 l2 game FOOT - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuIXVAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	Banner Ad footer - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8rbVAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	 a1 zatsudan  HEAD - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm9TVAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihw6YCDA	Banner Ad - [abandon]camera Menue
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9IPWAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiu6doCDA	The Hindu banner ad Unit - The Hindu
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrsjWAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ8NQCDA	a banner ad - a
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvIfXAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	i1 furyo HEAD - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2ZHXAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPyd4CDA	Addic7edManager banner ad - Addic7edManager
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqZbXAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	 j1 gazounews HEAD - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvtPXAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	g1 pachisuro HEAD - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjf7XAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjgmNsCDA	TheHindu Banner Ad Unit banner ad - TheHindu Banner Ad Unit
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1onYAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	 g2 pachisuro FOOT - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxIvYAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5m9kCDA	Hindu banner ad 1 - Mobstac
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnLHYAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	 f1 deai HEAD - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY287YAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	 e1 esute HEAD - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgfDYAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	 a2 zatsudan  FOOT - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk_fYAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	 c1 omizu HEAD - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlffYAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	 f2 deai FOOT - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsPrYAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5m9kCDA	Banner Ad - Mobstac
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhojZAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	iPad - Main Screen Double Box - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3qbZAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjgmNsCDA	Tablet Banner Ad - TheHindu Banner Ad Unit
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYscXZAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	 m2 etc FOOT - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0frZAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	 k2 kyujin FOOT - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu_vZAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	iPad - Sections Screen Double Box - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs4naAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	bakusai.com banner ad - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvZHaAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo9DaAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	 h1 r18 HEAD - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnP7aAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	 e2 esute FOOT - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwf_aAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	iPad - Model Screen Box - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY543bAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	 h2 r18 FOOT - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpK3bAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyidoCDA	 k1 kyujin HEAD - bakusai.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhrrbAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6gtsCDA	vegastowers banner ad - VegasTowers HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn9TbAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiEmNkCDA	category-entertainment - Android Free comics
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3JrcAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	iPad - Brand Screen Double Box - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnNbdAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtr8QCDA	Manga Kingdom - [abandon ]Snooze Clock
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2r7fAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiEmNkCDA	category-tools - Android Free comics
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1ZXgAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUiOECDA	Top University - Top University
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY777gAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3o90CDA	tiny zoo banner ad - Tiny Zoo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8u3hAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibs-QCDA	dsg2 ALL MOPUB - ~Load Pencil Lead~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvfXhAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibs-QCDA	Load Pencil Lead banner ad - ~Load Pencil Lead~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxq3jAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFreMCDA	rajjain banner ad - rajjain
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlfrkAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBid-uUCDA	test1 banner ad - test1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv6XnAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLk-MCDA	zipcarpromotionalcode.com banner ad - zipcarpromotionalcode.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu4LvAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiO2OsCDA	finger ALL MOPUB - ~Grab me if you can~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtPHvAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiz9e4CDA	mathavang.info banner ad - mathavang.info
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_4PwAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmw_QCDA	multimaster banner ad - Multi MasterMind
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx9HzAgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone Millennial Native! Banner - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrIX0Agw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdyvYCDA	jeudunombre banner - The number's game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8OT0Agw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq6fcCDA	dsg ALL MOPUB - ~Slide Pencil Lead~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3YX1Agw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBir_PgCDA	dynamite defuse banner ad - ~Dynamite Defuse~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0Jz3Agw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	henshuou - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1JX8Agw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	otokoippikigaki - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1ZX8Agw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	mushuseikarareya - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm-L8Agw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	jyoteineomiki - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY46v9Agw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfhPgCDA	HTC-Flyer banner ad - HTC-Flyer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY96H-Agw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	yamazakiginjirou - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9qb-Agw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ_f8CDA	Manga Kingdom Web Site banner ad - Manga Kingdom Web Site
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk9X-Agw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJvPwCDA	pb2 ALL MOPUB - ~Paddle Bounce G~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9aH_Agw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiK5kYM	News top - i123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrZyAAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG8_oCDA	Manga Kingdom Web Site banner ad - Manga Kingdom Web Site
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt7eAAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX_oEDDA	  banner ad -  
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvsuCAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjX6oUDDA	pExplorer banner ad - pExplorer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk-SCAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiEmNkCDA	category-comics - Android Free comics
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyI6DAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-8_8CDA	Banner Ad - Android Fun Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhqKEAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBju54QDDA	My Fantasy Football Guru banner ad - My Fantasy Football Guru
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYia6EAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Phonenr 2 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoIuFAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	IM 1 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh6OFAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig3IYDDA	GirlsBookMark banner ad top - JP1 - Girls Bookmark (Bookmark app)  com.appclub.PictureComedy Girls Bookmark Girls Bookmark
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhpmGAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Video 1 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_qSHAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Profiles 3 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6bmHAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	News 2 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY972HAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDzoUDDA	rapid fire 10sec! banner ad - JP4 - Rapid fire 10sec! com.uhopro.rapidfire 10
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-OKHAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Phonenr 3 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1vCHAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Video top - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9JOIAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp34kDDA	Free Photo Lable banner ad - [abandon  ]Free Photo Lable
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9KGIAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8zI8DDA	world fastest clicker banner ad - ~World Fastest Clicker~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4eqIAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTiIUDDA	Banner Ad - ECnavi
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvPuIAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTiIUDDA	ECnavi banner ad - ECnavi
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoYCJAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Blog 3 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY05eJAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Documents 1 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8fmJAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Video 2 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7IGKAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	email top - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9oGKAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Profile 4 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1pOKAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Image top - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrZmKAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Weblinks 3 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwqeKAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Blog 2 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2uSKAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Video 3 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzfiKAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Blog top - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-aeLAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	email 3 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvraLAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9tosDDA	paddle bounce banner ad - ~Paddle Bounce~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4cOLAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	News 1 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx8-LAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Weblinks 1 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmfSLAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Profiles 1 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmIKMAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Image 1 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY47-MAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Documents top - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3f-MAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Image 2 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7v-MAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	email 2 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmpaNAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Blog 1 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm5aNAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Phonenr 1 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkpqNAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjlz2sM	Atomic - Main Menu - Atomic
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsLiNAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirz5IDDA	MobDis banner ad - MobDis
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6LyNAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBignIsDDA	whoa ALL MOPUB - ~Balance the Bomb~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkc2NAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Weblinks 2 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYks2NAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	News 3 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl82NAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Document 3 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8tONAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Profiles 2 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgdyNAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Phonenr top - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyfKNAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	home mrect 300x250 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlZmOAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	IM 3 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyKiOAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Weblinks top - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7rCOAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	IM 2 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY97COAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	email 1 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq7iOAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	News top - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY97-OAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Image 3 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu8-OAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	IM top - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyc-OAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjGvHcM	Document 2 - a123people
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlKuPAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp_JYDDA	Studentska kucharka - Studentska kucharka
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_rqPAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig3IYDDA	GirlsBookMark banner ad bottom - JP1 - Girls Bookmark (Bookmark app)  com.appclub.PictureComedy Girls Bookmark Girls Bookmark
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo5aRAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone AdMob Banner - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqrSRAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone AdMob Native! Interstitial - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7-SRAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone Jumptap Banner - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6-qRAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	shoot - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm96SAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone InMobi MRect - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi_eSAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone Millennial Banner - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY54eTAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNz5IDDA	xxx banner ad - xxx
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9qCTAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone Greystripe Banner - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1dSTAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone BrightRoll MRect - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhY6UAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone iAd Banner - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzpmUAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone InMobi Banner - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3qGUAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone Jumptap Mrect - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYssSUAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	Listing Screen - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnY2VAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone BrightRoll Banner - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt5uVAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj57JQDDA	biz banner ad - biz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9ICWAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone AdMob MRect - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg6iWAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCqJYDDA	bbb banner ad - bbb
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_6-WAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone Millennial MRect - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuriWAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	drkoto - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiY-XAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWzpcDDA	Ringtone Apps banner ad - Ringtone Apps
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9L6XAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone Millennial Native! MRect - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhJuYAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone BrightRoll Interstitial - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs8-YAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone AdMob Interstitial - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgdyYAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone MobFox MRect - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgamZAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone AdMob Native! Banner - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrK-ZAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone Greystripe MRect - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1q-ZAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone MobFox Banner - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY88GZAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone Millennial Native! Interstitial - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzrmbAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone iVdopia Interstitial - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_sKbAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone Millennial Interstitial - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsOqcAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjY8psDDA	MenuGrab banner ad - MenuGrab
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz-GiAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIgZ8DDA	App ad unit - MoPubTestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgO2kAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjc3p8DDA	gea banner ad - gea
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6POkAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjn86QDDA	Yahtzi - Yaht!zi
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpaqlAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ3qQDDA	gea banner ad - gea
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-O-oAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBir9acDDA	Dan's Ad - Dan Brask
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8-mpAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTh60DDA	Free SMS Sender banner conversations - Free SMS Sender
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx7-rAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiL6KcDDA	Fruits puzzle banner ad - Fruits puzzle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4t-sAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi0rVQM	[Test Banner] WT 728x90 Banner Ad - WT iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqomtAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6xrEDDA	HelloWorld banner ad - HelloWorld
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9KmuAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj63asDDA	POOP banner ad - Poop!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtvm3Aww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_wbUDDA	Brain Math Challenge - Mathematical challenges
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4Za8Aww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH-L0DDA	OKCupid banner ad - OKCupid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoNu9Aww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjU7cADDA	Moon+ Reader - Moon+ Reader
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjM2_Aww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAgKYCDA	Android Millennial Native! Interstitial - TestAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtaDCAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAgKYCDA	Android Millennial MRect - TestAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-qzDAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAgKYCDA	Android MobFox Banner - TestAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsuXDAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAgKYCDA	Android AdMob Native! Interstitial - TestAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkITEAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAgKYCDA	Android MoPub Interstitial - TestAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkcPEAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAgKYCDA	Android AdMob Native! Interstitial - TestAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5MbGAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAgKYCDA	Android InMobi Banner - TestAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgPXHAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAgKYCDA	Android AdMob Native! Banner - TestAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlbPIAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBil7soDDA	au checker banner ad - JP1 - au checker com.adcall.ktaichecker 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvsHIAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAgKYCDA	Android Millennial Banner - TestAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl-_IAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAgKYCDA	Android Jumptap Banner - TestAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-4PKAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAgKYCDA	Android InMobi MRect - TestAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkrDKAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi26skDDA	codealacarte.fr banner ad - codealacarte.fr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1sLKAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAgKYCDA	Android AdMob Banner - TestAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-abLAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAgKYCDA	Android Jumptap MRect - TestAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsbvLAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwu8sDDA	Cat'sGarbage banner ad - JP4 - Cat's Garbage com.uhopro.AppManage 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhoTMAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAgKYCDA	Android Millennial Native! Banner - TestAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4KrMAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAgKYCDA	Android Millennial Native! MRect - TestAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6bPNAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi22s0DDA	Easycontrol banner ad - JP1 - Easy Controller (Personalization) com.appclub.EasyControllerAc Easy Controller (Personalization)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm7nNAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK28wDDA	skout banner ad - Skout
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu8TNAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJ2NIDDA	Safe Drive banner ad - Safe Drive
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7PDQAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijldQDDA	Hello,Android banner ad - Hello,Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn-zVAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisxNsDDA	GotiT banner ad - GotiT
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0aLWAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijldQDDA	Interstitial - Hello,Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuM7XAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQkdoDDA	bannertest banner ad - bannertest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8vnYAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK7t8DDA	taskmanager banner ad - taskmanager
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpc_ZAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinz98DDA	SecretSound banner ad - Secret Sound
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjr3bAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjf79wDDA	Card Trick banner ad - Card Trick
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvKLdAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinz98DDA	Banner Ad - Secret Sound
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1oreAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVit4DDA	Jams Banner Ad 1 - Jams
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzcHeAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwwd4DDA	In mob Ad - Secret Sound
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2eXeAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBic8OQDDA	geobits banner ad - Jams
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8rXgAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijldQDDA	Banner Ad - Hello,Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiNfgAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwwd4DDA	Secret Sound banner ad - Secret Sound
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_-7gAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtnuUDDA	geobits banner ad - Jams
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzY_hAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijuuIDDA	fr.mazesloup.android.thunderstorm banner ad - fr.mazesloup.android.thunderstorm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnrTlAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidtOUDDA	WT DRD Banner 320x50 - WT Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9f7lAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBia6OUDDA	teste banner ad - teste
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh9jpAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX_oEDDA	300x300 test -  
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwOLpAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_4ukDDA	IOS_CLIENT_TABLE_BOTTOM_RECTANGLE - ZEN Poker Beta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYleTrAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjakugDDA	buziyborni.com banner ad - buziyborni.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8_3sAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidtOUDDA	[TestB] WT DRD 320x50 - WT Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrbztAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixmewDDA	Top Banner - Soccerlens
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6JHwAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	iPad - Article Screen Top - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1cnxAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	tarurutokun - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4_7zAww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrv_UDDA	TEST banner ad - TEST
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlYT0Aww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisiPMDDA	Phantom Music Control banner ad - Phantom Music Control
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1eX1Aww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyw_IDDA	games web banner ad - games web
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvP31Aww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigy_gDDA	iPhone Banner Ad - Saavn Music (iOS)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8rP2Aww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4jfYDDA	babynavn banner ad - babynavn
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4b72Aww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRuvsDDA	8-Bit Fun! Free! banner ad - 8-Bit Fun!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0oP3Aww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBim3PQDDA	iOS Ad - Hello World
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmcT4Aww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii8PMDDA	Let's Bowl banner ad - Let's Bowl
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0ff4Aww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQ9_gDDA	RepWeinerJokes banner ad - RepWeinerJokes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2IP5Aww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAgKYCDA	Android Custom Method - TestAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2ob5Aww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	holy_talker - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtLH5Aww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitz_UDDA	Ultimate Games Reviews 300x250 - Ultimate Games Reviews
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmrn5Aww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitz_UDDA	Banner Ad - Ultimate Games Reviews
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4dP5Aww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirsfgDDA	MP3XD banner ad - MP3XD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1qD6Aww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	shishinomusume - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqK76Aww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEuvcDDA	Test Banner - Hello World
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1oX9Aww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	remort - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv4n9Aww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1l4IEDA	Office Jerk Free banner ad - Office Jerk Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn4r9Aww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_uvoDDA	T9space banner ad - T9space
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpOT9Aww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqlfcDDA	Funny Bumper Stickers banner ad - Funny Bumper Stickers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvdr-Aww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigqP0DDA	No.1 Internet Radio banner ad - No.1 Internet Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlMb_Aww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6zf0DDA	Handy Links banner ad - JP1 - Handy Links (Boomark app) com.appclub.HandyLinks Handy Links 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy4OABAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	saikometoraeiji - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0emBBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1l4IEDA	Interstitial - Office Jerk Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnM6DBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOlowEDA	Stupid Names banner ad - Stupid Names
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9IiEBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLo_8DDA	Office Jerk iOS banner ad - Office Jerk iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7uWMBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjflIkEDA	Father's Day Ideas banner ad - Father's Day Ideas
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzeKNBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixxogEDA	CastleBattle banner ad test - CastleBattle_f2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpY-OBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikj44EDA	Big Sport Fishing 3D Lite banner ad - Big Sport Fishing 3D Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYooKPBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikj44EDA	Interstitial Ad - Big Sport Fishing 3D Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh6GPBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVzpEEDA	mahebubshai banner ad - mahebubshai
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_KyQBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjN_4oEDA	Father Jokes banner ad - Father Jokes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4faQBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPqdQBDA	Banner Ad - Eno 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY45-TBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjXspoEDA	123song.in banner ad - 123song.in
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz_-ZBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivtpgEDA	Moja banner ad - Moja
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqKScBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiaopcEDA	Eno banner ad - Eno
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8NOdBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjv050EDA	Sound Effects banner ad - Sound Effects
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYksSgBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSxaQEDA	aitor banner ad - aitor
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzOehBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjs3aIEDA	testeApp banner ad - testeApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwNSiBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjq7qUEDA	Aries Facts banner ad - Aries Facts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4YKqBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib3aUEDA	pero banner ad - pero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjf6qBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX_qcEDA	Color Cracker Free - Banner Ad - Color Cracker Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3OGrBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi787AEDA	320x50 - How do you make love?
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-YusBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB65IBDA	iPhone Interstitial Fullscreen - Newser
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwquuBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWha4EDA	bcards banner ad - bCards
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw5yvBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBimzUoM	Kongregate Arcade Banner 320x50 (Win Accord) - Kongregate Arcade
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9cKvBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhtaoEDA	Vdopia iOS Banner 3:24 cap banner ad - Vdopia iOS Banner 3:24 cap
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrISwBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVorEEDA	Festimania banner ad - Festimania
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl5-wBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit76cEDA	Newt Gingrich banner ad - Newt Gingrich
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiaCwBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBimzUoM	Kongregate Arcade Tablet 728x90 (Win Accord) - Kongregate Arcade
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8qCwBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi586sEDA	Computer Jokes banner ad - Computer Jokes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8K2xBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_gKcEDA	Quote Applications - General Quote Type ad - Quote Applications - General Quote Apps
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm9KzBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjoyLMEDA	Banner Ad - Slide to Unlock 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj5a1BAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiOlrUEDA	ROMEditToGo banner ad - ROMEditToGo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYusi2BAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjO2rcEDA	Slide to Unlock  banner ad - Slide to Unlock 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuti3BAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi787AEDA	320x50 HP - How do you make love?
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhKK5BAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ77kEDA	Bottom - Italianradio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-8y5BAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6zLkEDA	My App banner ad - My App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzPi5BAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ3cEEDA	GermanRadio Bottom - Germanradio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_p26BAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC6bsEDA	Menue AD Test banner ad - Menue AD Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpqu7BAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB-L4EDA	Fullscreen - FrenchRadio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjaC9BAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjAkb0EDA	ZEDO banner ad - ZEDO 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5oi-BAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ77kEDA	Fullscreen - Italianradio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7Lm-BAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipsbwEDA	 banner ad - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY04HBBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBieqb4EDA	kirfa banner ad - kirfa
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtobBBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK6bkEDA	TV Now banner ad - TV Now
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxIjBBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ3cEEDA	Fullscreen - Germanradio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmcXBBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB-L4EDA	Bottom - FrenchRadio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjZvFBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB7sUEDA	LeadBoltApps.com banner ad - LeadBoltApps.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4vnFBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiF0MwEDA	Spy Cams banner ad - Spy Cams
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtrLMBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	tempai - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnpnOBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyrNgEDA	Brenda banner ad - Brenda
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyp_PBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhvN8EDA	india-anti blocker  - india test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlYHQBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	mugennnogotoku - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrZXQBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisldAEDA	First World Problems banner ad - First World Problems
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjbPQBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	shootaokimeguriai - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr_PRBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipidcEDA	Banner Ad White Reversi - White Reversi
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw4XUBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj39UEDA	runtastic Pedometer banner ad - runtastic Pedometer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxaDVBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	GTO - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsZ_XBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjo7tMEDA	Banner Ad - Space Bubbles
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYls_ZBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVz9kEDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY54zbBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj3toEDA	Guitar Capo Converter banner ad - Guitar Capo Converter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6LTcBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhvN8EDA	india-kyabakura - india test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq-bdBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhvN8EDA	india-Animaru kururin  - india test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2Y3fBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBierOEEDA	The Series Notifier banner ad - The Series Notifier
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmvnfBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiD7OAEDA	apaddown.com banner ad - apaddown.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpofiBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhvN8EDA	india-sexy set play - india test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYopXiBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihleIEDA	ZodTTD Cydia Banner Ad - ZodTTD Cydia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp8viBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMyuAEDA	MFP-DEV banner ad - MFP-DEV
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-cziBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhvN8EDA	india-dash - india test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7JzmBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPuugEDA	weddinggawker - mpu - weddinggawker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8OTnBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPuugEDA	weddinggawker banner ad - weddinggawker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9ZLrBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiDwesEDA	GayCities Bottom Banner - GayCities - Your Gay City Guide
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj_HsBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-zeEEDA	White Reversi banner ad - White Reversi
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlP3vBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiT_e8EDA	ENO banner ad - ENO
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjsfwBAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBofMEDA	Screach banner ad - Screach
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-If4BAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip9_sEDA	Affection Meter Fullscreen - Affection Meter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqaD5BAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihleIEDA	Cydia Banner Ad - ZodTTD Cydia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt8v7BAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiEr_YEDA	Matomy mobile banner ad - Matomy mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx_77BAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtsvkEDA	Matomy mobile banner ad - Matomy mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrfn-BAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiajo4FDA	HelloWorld banner ad - HelloWorld
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-pmBBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj2q4MFDA	CasiEmpty banner ad - CasiEmpty
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0v-CBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj2q4MFDA	Tablet Banner Ad - CasiEmpty
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3vCFBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi004MFDA	angry birds banner ad - angry birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYooSHBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLxI4FDA	 banner ad - JP1 - Scary app (Spiritual Story) (Bookmark app) com.appclub.SpiritualStory  
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxt-JBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6u4kFDA	UsAlarmCompanies.com  - UsAlarmCompanies.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy6WMBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjkvIkFDA	spaghetticoin banner ad - spaghetticoin
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmPGMBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBx4wFDA	Retro Wars banner ad - Retro Wars
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnoeNBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-v48FDA	Home - Bottom Banner - Calorie Counter - MyFitnessPal
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2uyNBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	tenmanoketsuzoku - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7cGOBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiutosFDA	SinglePoint APP banner ad - SinglePoint APP
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx_OOBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi1nJ8FDA	iphone free poker banner ad - iphone free poker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-PaOBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBimzUoM	Kongregate Arcade MedRect 300x250 - Kongregate Arcade
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnOSQBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiviJEFDA	LyricLegend banner ad - LyricLegend
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrdaRBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxtJAFDA	CustomShortcut banner ad - JP1 - BAN - Custom Shortcut com.appclub.customshortcut Custom Shortcut
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnvuSBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiho5UFDA	talkSPORT banner ad - talkSPORT
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_t6TBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	onajitukiwomiteiru - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYstqWBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj63asDDA	you better be fullscreen - Poop!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj7SYBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjD4JoFDA	Gateway Banner Ad - 300*250 - Gateway
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYksKYBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiJ8REM	Vdopia Test Interstitial - SimpleAds Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh5KZBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjD4JoFDA	Gateway banner ad - 728*90 - Gateway
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_pCaBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiO2OsCDA	inters ad - ~Grab me if you can~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6KqaBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimoJ4FDA	bones banner ad - bones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzdqaBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiDwesEDA	Start Up Interstitial - GayCities - Your Gay City Guide
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrcadBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhsaMFDA	Fun Camera banner ad - Fun Camera !
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9cidBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiOrZYFDA	bones banner ad - bones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2fSeBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjY9J4FDA	iphone free poker banner ad - iphone free poker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoPieBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmwZ4FDA	Fullscreen / Interstitial - PirateFleet for Friends
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqPieBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmwZ4FDA	Chat - PirateFleet for Friends
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY17WiBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdi6IFDA	Floating VDO Test Page banner ad - Floating VDO Test Page
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_O6iBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk5Z0FDA	translatebuddy.com banner ad - translatebuddy.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2OqjBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC3KcFDA	Emergency Manager Ads - Emergency Manager
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1PKjBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIzbcFDA	remote banner ad - Remote
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh5CkBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC3qYFDA	MiniVDO Test Page banner ad - MiniVDO Test Page
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY546nBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBimzUoM	Kongregate Arcade Fullscreen - Kongregate Arcade
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlOGnBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmwZ4FDA	Menu - PirateFleet for Friends
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy-GnBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrs6MFDA	Banner ad 4.1 - Spray Can
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoY6oBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQu6wFDA	Fast Food Calorie Lookup banner ad - Fast Food Calorie Lookup
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpcaoBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiDzZ0FDA	VDO Interstitial Test Page banner ad - VDO Interstitial Test Page
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjc6oBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWh6YFDA	Medium VDO Test Page banner ad - Medium VDO Test Page
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnPeoBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCnqcFDA	foodgawker - banner ad - foodgawker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYleypBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfjqsFDA	iphone poker free banner ad - iphone poker free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuZGvBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfjqsFDA	iphone poker free full screen - iphone poker free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYldezBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQ0rAFDA	tap fish banner ad - tap fish
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi7C0BQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjTvS4M	Lyric Legend Banner - LYRIC LEGEND 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxNm2BQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjX0bgFDA	Phone 320x50@60s - Locus
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgbS4BQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjq48AFDA	AddonsDetector banner ad - AddonsDetector
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxI26BQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjuycQFDA	fruity loopsy doosie banner ad - fruity loopsy doosie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhpq6BQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBic9LkFDA	EL-Monitor banner ad - EL-Monitor
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyIe8BQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjq48AFDA	Banner Ad - AddonsDetector
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4fO8BQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjX0bgFDA	Tablet 728x90@60s - Locus
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyfu8BQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFl74FDA	Banner Ad come again - testdayo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9P69BQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpm78FDA	AddonsDetector banner ad - AddonsDetector
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7YjDBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBje6cYFDA	abc banner ad - ABC!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnInDBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifjMcFDA	Post level interstitial - Slide to Unlock 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz5fEBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifjMcFDA	Main Menu Banner - Slide to Unlock 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhMTGBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQxcQFDA	banner 320x50 iphone - Sporcle Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsrvKBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip_8oFDA	AddonsDetector banner ad - AddonsDetector
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYroDMBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3yM8FDA	AddonsDetector banner ad #1 - AddonsDetector
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY89nOBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjy2c4FDA	sample banner ad - Voice Band
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpvnOBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiajc4FDA	sample banner ad - sample
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYof7OBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3yM8FDA	Banner Ad - AddonsDetector
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr4nPBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqkM0FDA	AddonsDetector banner ad - AddonsDetector
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp_nQBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjf_M4FDA	est banner ad - est
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3ObSBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIkNQFDA	Diccionario Japones - Espanol banner ad - Diccionario Japones Espanol
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9_bUBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjn49MFDA	Basic Food Calorie Lookup banner ad - Basic Food Calorie Lookup
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4YHhBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSgd0FDA	Snack Food Calorie Lookup banner ad - Snack Food Calorie Lookup
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY64PhBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjt1d8FDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpt_iBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTxecFDA	Copa America 2011 by Dudo banner ad - Copa America 2011 by Dudo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2ObkBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8v-AFDA	bloggerspherepedia banner ad - bloggerspherepedia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv97mBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0mOYFDA	Copa America 2011 by Dudo banner ad - Copa America 2011 by Dudo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzMjnBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLyOcFDA	Big Big Big 2 1.3 - Big Big Big 2 1.3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyt7nBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPweIFDA	MojAndroid.sk banner ad - MojAndroid.sk
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4frnBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiz1OcFDA	Advertise Opportunities  - Advertise Opportunities
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgYboBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjGyecFDA	Geo Wars banner ad - Geo Wars
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6J3oBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_gOkFDA	Geo Wars banner ad - Geo Wars
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsdvoBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-v48FDA	Diary - Bottom Banner - Calorie Counter - MyFitnessPal
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlIvsBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-v48FDA	Exercise Search - Bottom Banner - Calorie Counter - MyFitnessPal
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYivjtBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ-O0FDA	DNA Marker2 banner ad - DNA Marker2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5PntBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-v48FDA	Add/Edit Entry - Bottom Banner - Calorie Counter - MyFitnessPal
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsrfvBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBimzUoM	Kongregate Arcade Tablet 728x90 (LG) - Kongregate Arcade
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl8DvBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBimzUoM	Kongregate Arcade Banner 320x50 (LG) - Kongregate Arcade
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8qPwBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	minaminoteiou - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1bXwBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-v48FDA	Progress - Bottom Banner - Calorie Counter - MyFitnessPal
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY05vxBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBial_kFDA	TodaCell Test Backfill Promo banner ad - TodaCell Test Backfill Promo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6KvxBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	terahe - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYranzBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	izuarondensetsu - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjNfzBQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-v48FDA	Food Search - Bottom Banner - Calorie Counter - MyFitnessPal
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7tX3BQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiviJEFDA	InterstitialAd - LyricLegend
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0f34BQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjTvS4M	4. Paid Songs Interstitial - LYRIC LEGEND 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnrb7BQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik2P4FDA	MojAndroid.sk banner ad - MojAndroid.sk
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2Kz9BQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3u_8FDA	Todacell iOS test 300x50 banner ad - Todacell iOS test 300x50
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp7H9BQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPweIFDA	Banner Ad - MojAndroid.sk
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtez9BQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidtOUDDA	[TestB] WT DRD Interstitial - WT Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY34yBBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	otokogi - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhbeBBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLyOcFDA	Big Big Big 2 Tablet Banner Ad - Big Big Big 2 1.3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyqCCBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJoIIGDA	Stats Banner Ad - Stats Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp7eCBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi764QGDA	Mobilizer banner ad - Mobilizer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-c-EBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjN7IQGDA	angry banner ad - Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5dCEBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk0IQGDA	8bit Sports banner ad - 8bit Sports
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9-2EBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	shinotokogi - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs7aFBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk0IQGDA	Full Screen Ad - 8bit Sports
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhNSGBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimqYwGDA	TopGirl banner ad - Top Girl
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYle2GBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	sekiryuou - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY18mHBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjN7IQGDA	Banner Ad  - Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl46LBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCupAGDA	CCC banner ad - CCC
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxI-MBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiuoowGDA	Flixster full screen - Movies by Flixster, with Rotten Tomatoes - Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3t2OBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCnqcFDA	foodgawker - mpu - foodgawker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8OCOBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVpZEGDA	young and foodish banner ad - young and foodish
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY26iSBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj76fkFDA	Todacell Android test 300x50 banner ad - Todacell Android test 300x50
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYndGSBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib7JMGDA	young and foodish banner ad - young and foodish
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_-eSBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjF1Y8GDA	Proxymate Top Ad - Proxymate
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5qKTBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicv5EGDA	AppFree HD Inferior - AppFree HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrPSTBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiP-ZAGDA	Metronome banner ad - Simple Tap Metronome
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmICUBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXgJQGDA	TBW banner - Tiny Battery Widget
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwOObBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigt5kGDA	X Fleet Banner - X Fleet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1PCbBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi787AEDA	320x50 v1.1 - How do you make love?
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3f6fBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDzoUDDA	Banner Ad - JP4 - Rapid fire 10sec! com.uhopro.rapidfire 10
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr5ekBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNx6cGDA	BLOGGERspherepedia - BLOGGERspherepedia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY27OlBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4o6AGDA	Test Banner - TwitVid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyLSlBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipgaMGDA	test2 banner ad - test2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsOemBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig16oGDA	ShoutEm banner ad - ShoutEm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2IKnBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjXgqcGDA	Mighty banner ad - Mighty
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv8-nBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9wKcGDA	Coffee Fix banner ad - Coffee Fix
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYovanBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4o6AGDA	Twitvid banner ad - TwitVid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3bGoBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhzqcGDA	Deer Call Free banner ad - Deer Call Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwqSrBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMm6gGDA	TestApp banner ad - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj4CuBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7q7YGDA	Banner Ad - Tap Dash
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgaexBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjgqLIGDA	Free SMS Sender banner 1 - Free SMS Sender
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4eWxBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjxvyQM	Interstitial - Aahh! Be Free!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsOWzBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidkLUGDA	SolitaireHD banner ad - SolitaireHD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgI22Bgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7q7YGDA	Tap Dash banner ad - Tap Dash
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoLq3Bgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZxbcGDA	Placement / Keyword Report banner ad - Placement / Keyword Report
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0a66Bgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBic8rkGDA	Kount the Kitties banner ad - Kount the Kitties
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8-2-Bgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_sL4GDA	Flex Search banner ad - Flex Search - Fastest Way to Search Everything with Mobile View, Find in Page and more!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrtDFBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	edomaenosyun - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0KfGBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjsstQGDA	Banner Ad - SLO Bus Tracker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqq7JBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjcnccGDA	TamaPet banner ad - TamaPet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYprbJBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	getbackers - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-5bKBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLj8oGDA	vmpcworld banner ad - vmpcworld
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7NbKBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjr1soGDA	mobilezone banner ad - mobilezone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkoXMBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjv_M8GDA	Dog Walker banner ad - Dog Walker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx9fMBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	tokyotokitaku - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyNfMBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	OrenosoraKeijihen - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-aHUBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi099UGDA	GMO.com - GMO.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy-zWBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiH1tcGDA	Dream banner ad - Dream Bride
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7NPdBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjD8tYGDA	Flick Ninja banner ad - Flick Ninja
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqMbjBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSuuoGDA	nuttynews banner ad - nuttynews
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt8fmBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLyOcFDA	Big Big Big 2 1.31 - Big Big Big 2 1.3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2ZfnBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyquoGDA	Sampleleadsdemo banner ad - Sampleleadsdemo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw5_nBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0_OcGDA	nuttynews banner ad - nuttynews
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3arpBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU6ekGDA	AdApplication banner ad - AdApplication
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYitXpBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRhOgGDA	Reaction Time Calculator banner ad - Reaction Time Calculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkefpBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJlNIGDA	SampleDemo banner ad - SampleDemo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_pPqBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSuuoGDA	Banner Ad - nuttynews
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY74HrBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibu-EGDA	Test app android banner ad - Test app android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhojrBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBju1ecGDA	100,000+ Wallpapers banner ad - 100,000+ Wallpapers Free - Best Wallpaper & Background App & Best Background
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5p7uBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVm-gGDA	Block Drop banner ad - Block Drop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYma7zBgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYrvMGDA	Poynt 320x50 banner ad - Poynt 320x50
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4J_0Bgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBia-PQGDA	ChrisCross banner ad - ChrisCross
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY17T1Bgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZ4_cGDA	Mobile web test banner ad - Mobile web test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz9b1Bgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBid9h8M	Full Screen Ad - LiveLeak
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi6D2Bgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiY1fMGDA	Ander app Test banner ad - Ander app Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhv_2Bgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjF5r0BDA	Paper Glider Full Screen Interstitial - Paper Glider
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-Zn5Bgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLo_wGDA	Trek Point banner ad - Trek Point
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgeL6Bgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA4voGDA	Tech News banner ad - Tech News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxe36Bgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBimzUoM	Kongregate Arcade Banner 320x50 (Motorola) - Kongregate Arcade
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7cz7Bgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiJwSEM	Grindr Full Screen Ad - Grindr - Gay, bi, & curious guy finder of the same sex.
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4Kb8Bgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUyP0GDA	iPhone poker medium banner ad - iPhone poker medium
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-Nr9Bgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj32v0GDA	Angry Birds banner ad - Angry Birds Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxID-Bgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBimzUoM	Kongregate Arcade Tablet 728x90 (Motorola) - Kongregate Arcade
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtJKBBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizkoEHDA	Chartly banner ad - Chartly
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgISDBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqtoYHDA	Fullscreen - JobUP.ch
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj9SFBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqtoYHDA	Banner test - JobUP.ch
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw46HBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjw8oIHDA	Header - BytaFont
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6JGJBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4p5MHDA	Bomb Effects Ringtones banner ad - Bomb Effects Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrsuJBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7tIkHDA	Big Big Big 2 1.4 - Big Big Big 2 1.4+
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_IqLBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimiYwHDA	WaterPark - WaterPark Rhodes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk7SLBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiStIsHDA	Gun Sounds Ringtones banner ad - Gun Sounds Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoMmLBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi89JEHDA	Car Sound Effects Ringtones banner ad - Car Sound Effects Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzdKLBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjyx4wHDA	Bird Sounds Ringtones banner ad - Bird Sounds Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo-iLBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisk4YHDA	iOS Test banner ad - iOS Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlf-MBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjXpJIHDA	Cool SMS Tones banner ad - Cool SMS Tones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5siNBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjS34kHDA	Rhodes iTour - Rhodes iTour
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt9iNBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimiYwHDA	WaterPark Rhodes banner ad - WaterPark Rhodes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYut6OBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	Everything Banner Ad - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9PWOBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjAnIsHDA	Cat Sound Ringtones banner ad - Cat Sound Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4feOBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiKv5EHDA	Eggs banner ad - Eggs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgf6OBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5nIwHDA	Android Test banner ad - Android Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY74WPBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNlZAHDA	Funny SMS Tones banner ad - Funny SMS Tones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn56PBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBim7JMHDA	Android Relaxation Ringtones banner ad - Android Relaxation Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnd6PBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiizZEHDA	Arabic Ringtones banner ad - Arabic Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyu2PBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip-6AHDA	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyJWQBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiN4Y4HDA	Funny Hip Hop Ringtones banner ad - Funny Hip Hop Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiNiQBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiH2JAHDA	Fun Tones banner ad - Fun Tones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3JuRBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip8Y8HDA	Android Popular Ringtones banner ad - Android Popular Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlKCRBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBl48HDA	Club Music Ringtones banner ad - Club Music Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5fSRBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX6pEHDA	Love Ringtones banner ad - Love Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2paSBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXtI0HDA	Broken Effects Ringtones banner ad - Broken Effects Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-paSBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiajJIHDA	Funny Bollywood Ringtones banner ad - Funny Bollywood Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzZySBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpgYYHDA	Android Funny Ringtones banner ad - Android Funny Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwK2SBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-lpMHDA	Dog Sounds Ringtones banner ad - Dog Sounds Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0-KSBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjc3ZMHDA	Android Cool Ringtones banner ad - Android Cool Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlOOSBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjF5ZMHDA	Funny Baby Sounds Ringtones banner ad - Funny Baby Sounds Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnPiSBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTwpAHDA	Applause Ringtones banner ad - Applause Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6t2TBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz-5MHDA	Android Techno Ringtones banner ad - Android Techno Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYht6TBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv7YUHDA	Cartoon Sounds Ringtones banner ad - Cartoon Sounds Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmLuUBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBic1ZMHDA	Funny Laugh Ringtones banner ad - Funny Laugh Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtM2UBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiiy5UHDA	Piano Ringtones banner ad - Piano Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg9GUBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiKpZAHDA	Android Movie Ringtones banner ad - Android Movie Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz-mUBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjO6ZQHDA	Funny Remix Ringtones banner ad - Funny Remix Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjPiUBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiD_JEHDA	Animal Soundboard Ringtones banner ad - Animal Soundboard Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm5eVBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6lpIHDA	Android Christmas Ringtones banner ad - Android Christmas Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYns2VBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPn5MHDA	Fart Sounds Ringtones banner ad - Fart Sounds Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkNWVBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLnZIHDA	Funny Sound Effects Ringtones banner ad - Funny Sound Effects Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvL-WBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjb4ZwHDA	Ocean Sounds Ringtones banner ad - Ocean Sounds Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9teWBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXz5QHDA	springpad banner ad - Springpad Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5eeWBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiW0JkHDA	Soft Guitar Ringtones banner ad - Soft Guitar Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmZqYBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiksJgHDA	Slingo Daily Challenge banner ad - Slingo Daily Challenge
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY47mYBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjF1Y8GDA	Proxymate Bottom Ad - Proxymate
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYut-YBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfsZwHDA	Sexy Ringtones banner ad - Sexy Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1L2ZBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTvZkHDA	iPhone poker video ad banner ad - iPhone poker video ad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqeyZBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBio7JkHDA	Nature Sounds Ringtones banner ad - Nature Sounds Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6KqaBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp4ZoHDA	Office  Phone Ringtones banner ad - Office  Phone Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtIibBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm2JwHDA	Water Ringtones banner ad - Water Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyc6bBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjnnZoHDA	Siren Sounds and Ringt banner ad - Siren Sounds and Ringt
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7JScBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjorZkHDA	Android Popular Ringtones banner ad - Android Popular Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt_CcBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBips5QHDA	Old Phone Ringtones banner ad - Old Phone Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjf-cBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzpJcHDA	Police Sounds Ringtones banner ad - Police Sounds Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmsadBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjb85IHDA	Remix Ringtones banner ad - Remix Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw9SeBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW2p0HDA	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkL-gBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5nIwHDA	Burn Banner Ad - Android Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzNSgBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4maEHDA	Bongo banner ad - Bongo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqdygBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiGuaEHDA	Bongo banner ad - Bongo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp96iBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjy5KEHDA	Drinking Songs banner ad - Drinking Songs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYupilBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrpJwHDA	Springpad banner ad - Springpad iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8b-tBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-rLYHDA	Paper Glider iPad Full Screen - Paper Glider iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYodKtBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig0q0HDA	Testing First banner ad - Testing First
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6LCwBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjA_7YHDA	game over banner ad - game over
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgeSzBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	tempaigaiden - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-Jy0Bww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_4ukDDA	IOS_MTT_CHECKIN_VIDEO - ZEN Poker Beta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_6y2Bww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-rLYHDA	Paper Glider iPad banner ad - Paper Glider iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3-22Bww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBje7bYHDA	MojAndroid.sk banner ad - MojAndroid.sk
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_IK3Bww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiDu7YHDA	Pretty Pet Salon Summer banner ad- 320x50 iPhone - Pretty Pet Salon Summer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1Ya3Bww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi4iiEM	Banner Ad - WeiboXL Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6pO4Bww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC6rQHDA	mahebubshai banner ad - mahebubshai
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj_C4Bww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_4ukDDA	IOS_VP_TOURNEY_BREAK_VIDEO - ZEN Poker Beta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu8e6Bww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_4ukDDA	IOS_UPSELL_WINDOW - ZEN Poker Beta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjr27Bww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_4ukDDA	IOS_LOBBY_BOTTOM_HORIZONTAL - ZEN Poker Beta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYob27Bww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_4ukDDA	IOS_SNG_BREAK_VIDEO  - ZEN Poker Beta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr8q7Bww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_4ukDDA	IOS_VP_SINGLE_BREAK_VIDEO  - ZEN Poker Beta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2aG8Bww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_4ukDDA	IOS_MTT_BREAK_VIDEO - ZEN Poker Beta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxZW9Bww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_4ukDDA	IOS_VP_SINGLE_CHECKIN_VIDEO  - ZEN Poker Beta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-cO9Bww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_4ukDDA	IOS_VP_TOURNEY_CHECKIN_VIDEO  - ZEN Poker Beta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7eu9Bww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_4ukDDA	IOS_LOBBY_RECTANGLE - ZEN Poker Beta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY95i-Bww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_4ukDDA	IOS_SNG_CHECKIN_VIDEO  - ZEN Poker Beta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsa_DBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjeyscHDA	indubai - A Complete Guide for Dubai Tourists and Localites banner ad - indubai - A Complete Guide for Dubai Tourists and Localites
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj4bEBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFqdAHDA	Search Results Mid-Page 320x50 - PeekYou Free People Search Engine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpOfEBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjgiMQHDA	Daum APP - Daum
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn_PEBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0zs8HDA	https://market.android.com/details?id=appinventor.ai_uk4dee.MW2quiz&feature=search_result banner ad - https://market.android.com/details?id=appinventor.ai_uk4dee.MW2quiz&feature=search_result
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo5nFBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0_MMHDA	Fullscreen Banner - Blah
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkrXFBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	hakuryu - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_c7FBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_jckHDA	1500 Ringtones Unlimited Banner - 1500 Ringtones Unlimited
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7YzHBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi72swHDA	Moja prva aplikacija banner ad - Moja prva aplikacija
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3crHBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidnNAHDA	talking banner ad - Talking
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0I3IBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj2ncwHDA	Daum Mobile Web - Daum
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4pHIBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjXkcoHDA	TVguide.co.uk banner ad - TVGuide.co.uk TV Guide
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7JzIBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBil8ccHDA	TVguide.co.uk banner ad - TV Guide for Sky
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2YTJBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjGn8MHDA	Garfield Pocket Globe banner ad - Garfield Pocket Globe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp73JBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	hakuryuLEGEND - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2J_LBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRttEHDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4ZjMBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7wdAHDA	eZadar 1. aplikacija banner ad - eZadar 1. aplikacija
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9dPMBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFqdAHDA	Profile Leaderboard 320x50 - PeekYou Free People Search Engine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlr_NBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVv80HDA	Teams - Teams List View Banner - MatchOff
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt8XNBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi2xc0HDA	Topmedia banner ad - Topmedia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxszNBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiF6M4HDA	Moja prva aplikacija banner ad - Moja prva aplikacija
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzu3NBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjv_c0HDA	m.ramantech.com banner ad - m.ramantech.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjvPNBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiN880HDA	Moja prva aplikacija banner ad - Moja prva aplikacija
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3IPOBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFqdAHDA	Search Results Leaderboard 320x50 - PeekYou Free People Search Engine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5YbPBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFqdAHDA	Profile Bottom Page 320x50 - PeekYou Free People Search Engine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY78rPBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC7tgHDA	 banner ad - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_9vPBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFqdAHDA	Profile Mid-Page 320x50 - PeekYou Free People Search Engine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9-rPBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFqdAHDA	Front Page Leaderboard Banner 320x50 - PeekYou Free People Search Engine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoIrQBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFqdAHDA	Front Page Med Rec Bottom Page 300x250 - PeekYou Free People Search Engine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm5rQBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFqdAHDA	Front Page Med Rec 300x250 - PeekYou Free People Search Engine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrLHQBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFqdAHDA	Search Results Bottom Page 320x50 - PeekYou Free People Search Engine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyMzQBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHzNAHDA	Tuttie banner ad - Tuttie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmdjRBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBij_NQHDA	Tagged Similar banner ad - Tagged Similar
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmfnRBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiY-dEHDA	Dougs Slice banner ad - Dougs Slice
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhozSBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVv80HDA	Matchoffs - Matches For League View Banner - MatchOff
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo43SBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZ388HDA	Yann Kronberg banner ad - Yann Kronberg
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzbPSBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVv80HDA	Player Info - MatchOff
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-bTSBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4tNIHDA	Rise of the Aliens banner ad - Rise of the Aliens
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3svSBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfjqsFDA	iPhone Poker Medium - iphone poker free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn87SBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiN4c8HDA	FF_IPHONE banner ad - FF_IPHONE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7-rSBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiY5NQHDA	HD Ringtone Creator banner ad - HD Ringtone Creator Unlimited
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6Z_TBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLo_8DDA	OfficeJerk iOS Banner TEST - Office Jerk iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhvLTBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBju-84HDA	Soc Bay Imedia banner ad - Soc Bay Imedia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtp7UBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU5dQHDA	LOL Browser (bottom) - LOL Browser
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY063UBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk3NIHDA	Relaxing Zen Ringtones banner ad - Relaxing Zen Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY48DUBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3jdcHDA	Hand Mirror banner ad - Hand Mirror
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_MXUBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJq9EHDA	Caller ID Ringtones banner ad - Caller ID Ringtones - HEAR who is calling
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3svUBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfjqsFDA	iPhone Poker Fullscreen - iphone poker free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3szUBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_jckHDA	Pop Up - 1500 Ringtones Unlimited
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgd3UBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiomNYHDA	Solitaire video - Solitaire
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_ZrVBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhrtQHDA	FastFood banner ad - FastFood - Top Restaurant finder app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh87YBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyg9cHDA	avtobazar.ua banner ad - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhdjaBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-muIHDA	Carlos banner ad - Carlos
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr7vcBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	Fullscreen / 300x250 Test - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9cLcBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQqNwHDA	Bubbles FREE! banner ad - Bubbles FREE!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1vbeBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRmtwHDA	Kokaihop.se banner ad - Kokaihop.se recept
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjsffBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiu6eAHDA	groupon banner ad - Groupon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9ZHgBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig0q0HDA	Footer Banner Ad - Testing First
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2InhBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig2-QHDA	Talkatone small banner ad - Talkatone - free calls, SMS texting and IM chat (VoIP Google Voice).
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv7ThBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-tOEHDA	shubmob banner ad - shubmob
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvOXhBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMm6gGDA	ipad interstitial - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8pfiBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxl-IHDA	prova banner ad - prova
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY07DiBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiY6ucHDA	WikiMobile 2 banner ad - WikiMobile 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgMfiBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitzuIHDA	BringIt Mobile banner ad - BringIt Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlJPjBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjcwOUHDA	testapp banner ad - testapp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtprlBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLo_8DDA	OfficeJerk iOS Interstitual - Office Jerk iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYibvlBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxl-IHDA	Banner Ad - prova
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyI_nBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW4-kHDA	prova banner ad - prova
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwpnvBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-kfgHDA	Framed Lite banner ad - Framed Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2PnvBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjL__IHDA	mYapp banner ad - mYapp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkNDwBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiphvIHDA	Banner Ad - Touch and Go
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYouHwBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj06fgHDA	Flixster Full Screen Ad - Movies by Flixster, with Rotten Tomatoes - Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoZ3xBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi40fIHDA	New York News Interstitial - New York News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9-_xBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiOoe4BDA	Banner Ad - Ibiza Sonica Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYifnyBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdx_QHDA	Stick Cricket - global banner (old) - Stick Cricket iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpZnzBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTwu0HDA	MPC Remote banner ad - MPC Remote
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8KnzBww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBif_vEHDA	Money banner ad - Money
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs8j0Bww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiS1u8HDA	Newser iPad interstitial - Newser Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiMr0Bww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOn_QHDA	Pro Baseball Catcher banner ad - Pro Baseball Catcher Hero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5Yn1Bww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOn_QHDA	Pro Baseball Catcher Hero Full Screen Advert - Pro Baseball Catcher Hero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmb_1Bww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi40fIHDA	New York News banner ad - New York News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2a72Bww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiS1u8HDA	Newser iPad IAB Leaderboard - Newser Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoZn4Bww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIm-4HDA	Banner Ad - Angry Birds Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4Jb5Bww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTtPsHDA	Visibility banner ad - Visibility
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhtT5Bww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiGrvkHDA	JWritings banner ad - JWritings
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq-v5Bww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjatPUHDA	mclub.ru banner ad - mclub.ru
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4__8Bww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPtfsHDA	blah blach blach banner ad - blah blach blach
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs5qACAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	syounanjyunaigumi - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz6-BCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiu2oYIDA	Test This is 50 banner ad - Test This is 50
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxu2BCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	psychodoctor - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-siECAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjgpIMIDA	Koeda Korea banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Koeda Korea
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs9mFCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjv_4MIDA	Stick Cricket banner ad - Stick Cricket
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp52GCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjYxIEIDA	AdUnit 320x50 - eDrums
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuLuGCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	kurokan - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4OiGCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi2gooIDA	Mobage banner ad - Mobage
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmvyHCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVv80HDA	MatchOff Page - List View - MatchOff
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6ZOJCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjl14MIDA	Real-Money banner ad - Real-Money
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkZqJCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik74cIDA	My Contacts banner ad - My Contacts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxO2JCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG2Y4IDA	Office Jerk banner ad - Office Jerk
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvoaKCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiT3YwIDA	Ginkgo Audio Book Player banner ad - Ginkgo Audio Book Player
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoZeKCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjGi4kIDA	Sight-to-Size Lite banner ad - Sight-to-Size Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8LaNCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVv80HDA	Teams - Leagues List View Banner - MatchOff
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq6ePCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVv80HDA	Featured Page - MatchOff
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoqSQCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-kfgHDA	Adsense - Framed Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv7yVCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjg4YsIDA	Android Remember banner ad - Banner Version
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr4eXCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjwhZ0IDA	test.com banner ad - test.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoOiaCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4kpwIDA	inspirational quotes banner ad - inspirational quotes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiqefCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4_JkIDA	uRevise banner ad - uRevise
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY05SkCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik45EBDA	Cash Up Page - Game1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl7GwCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWsbAIDA	Test Ad by Neo - WeiboXL Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0rGyCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-4rMIDA	www.pippofranco.com banner ad - www.pippofranco.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzZazCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1rLUIDA	Math Master banner ad - Math Master FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgL20CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-hL0IDA	banner ad - Universal Mind Reader
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1Zm1CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiuwLoIDA	v2.1 - Mike Tyson: Main Event
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_b61CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKj7IIDA	320x50 - Which Continent are You?
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvNS2CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9vbsIDA	MRect - Demo App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY05S4CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBgLUIDA	weibotong banner ad - weibotong
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwc64CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz8rsIDA	Detail Table Header Banner - AllTrails - Trails, GPS Tracking, and Offline Topo Maps for the Outdoors: Hiking, Camping, Mountain Biking, Running, Fishing, National Parks, and More
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxea4CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz8rsIDA	Browse Table Header Banner - AllTrails - Trails, GPS Tracking, and Offline Topo Maps for the Outdoors: Hiking, Camping, Mountain Biking, Running, Fishing, National Parks, and More
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh5m5CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMwrQIDA	Torchlight LED banner ad - Torchlight LED for iPhone 4
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqKO5CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiJ8REM	MRect - SimpleAds Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjKC6CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9vbsIDA	Interstitial - Demo App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY29a6CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz8rsIDA	Post-registration Interstitial - AllTrails - Trails, GPS Tracking, and Offline Topo Maps for the Outdoors: Hiking, Camping, Mountain Biking, Running, Fishing, National Parks, and More
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk9u6CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi63rMIDA	Torchlight LED banner ad - Torchlight LED for iPhone 4
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy5q8CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-hL0IDA	iPhone FullScreen - Universal Mind Reader
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8Li8CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj06fgHDA	Flixster Banner Ad - Movies by Flixster, with Rotten Tomatoes - Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0bm8CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig2-QHDA	Fullscreen iPhone - Talkatone - free calls, SMS texting and IM chat (VoIP Google Voice).
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwtS8CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik4LsIDA	Cars 2 Memory Game banner ad - Cars 2 Memory Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYytq8CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiGsMMIDA	Banner Ad Test 1 - WeiboXL Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9d28CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	AdSense Banner Ad - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv-e8CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz8rsIDA	Browse Fixed Lower Banner - AllTrails - Trails, GPS Tracking, and Offline Topo Maps for the Outdoors: Hiking, Camping, Mountain Biking, Running, Fishing, National Parks, and More
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk5a9CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig2-QHDA	Square iPad - Talkatone - free calls, SMS texting and IM chat (VoIP Google Voice).
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY17S9CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBid9roIDA	Mommy's Milk banner ad - Mommy's Milk
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoLW9CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig2-QHDA	Fullscreen iPad - Talkatone - free calls, SMS texting and IM chat (VoIP Google Voice).
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3Zq-CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9vbsIDA	Demo App banner ad - Demo App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkaO-CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig2-QHDA	Square iPhone - Talkatone - free calls, SMS texting and IM chat (VoIP Google Voice).
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjpa_CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz8rsIDA	Browse Fixed Upper Banner - AllTrails - Trails, GPS Tracking, and Offline Topo Maps for the Outdoors: Hiking, Camping, Mountain Biking, Running, Fishing, National Parks, and More
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj62_CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj06fgHDA	MRect - Movies by Flixster, with Rotten Tomatoes - Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyMS_CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig2-QHDA	Leaderboard (iPad) - Talkatone - free calls, SMS texting and IM chat (VoIP Google Voice).
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4MXBCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfxcEIDA	1 up yours banner ad - 1 up yours
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwpLFCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiGsMMIDA	Banner Ad Test 2 - WeiboXL Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY85rNCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivvMwIDA	Dots banner ad - Dots
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYruHNCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIiNMIDA	foodsquare banner ad - foodsquare
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxMTOCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMk9wIDA	Android Test banner ad - Android Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu4rQCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCl9EIDA	Action Game banner ad - Action Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtZnRCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBja3NAIDA	Test Site banner ad - Test Site
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkujRCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiR6NEIDA	Gameloft Banner - Gameloft
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6b3UCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjY5NQIDA	TestMoPub banner ad - TestMoPub
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiJDVCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-v48FDA	Friends - News - Bottom Banner - Calorie Counter - MyFitnessPal
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYstfVCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz3tUIDA	angry bird banner ad - angry bird
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhcfWCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-v48FDA	Friends - Friends - Bottom Banner - Calorie Counter - MyFitnessPal
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5IbXCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXxdUIDA	iPad Interstitial - Demo App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn47XCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXxdUIDA	MRect Ad - Demo App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhcTXCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-v48FDA	Friends - Requests - Bottom Banner - Calorie Counter - MyFitnessPal
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwNrXCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSmdYIDA	DJ EL KAN-O-BE banner ad - DJ EL KAN-O-BE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs4rYCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXxdUIDA	Demo App banner ad - Demo App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi5vYCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXxdUIDA	Leaderboard Ad - Demo App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmrbZCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrod8IDA	Leaderboard Ad - Demo App Template
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0MTZCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-v48FDA	Friends - Profiles - Bottom Banner - Calorie Counter - MyFitnessPal
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnYjbCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXxdUIDA	iPhone Interstitial - Demo App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9M3bCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-v48FDA	Friends - Messages - Bottom Banner - Calorie Counter - MyFitnessPal
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpt7bCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrod8IDA	Skyscraper Ad - Demo App Template
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhKTcCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBvNwIDA	TV Program banner ad - TV Program
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYibzcCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrod8IDA	iPhone Interstitial Ad - Demo App Template
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk53eCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrod8IDA	Banner Ad - Demo App Template
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu7XeCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz8rsIDA	Detail Fixed Lower Banner - AllTrails - Trails, GPS Tracking, and Offline Topo Maps for the Outdoors: Hiking, Camping, Mountain Biking, Running, Fishing, National Parks, and More
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8sPeCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXxdUIDA	Skyscraper Ad - Demo App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpsTeCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrod8IDA	iPad Interstitial Ad - Demo App Template
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnujfCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrod8IDA	MRect Ad - Demo App Template
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmvvgCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi96uUIDA	ynet banner ad - ynet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsr3hCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiksOAIDA	Startup Game Phone Banner - Startup Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv-fhCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitrOAIDA	tst banner ad - tst
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpsviCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBio_N8IDA	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4p7jCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz8rsIDA	Lists Fixed Lower Banner - AllTrails - Trails, GPS Tracking, and Offline Topo Maps for the Outdoors: Hiking, Camping, Mountain Biking, Running, Fishing, National Parks, and More
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmqvjCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZq-MIDA	iTranslate banner ad - iTranslate ~ the free translator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_ePjCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8sd8IDA	jumpzoo banner ad - Jumpzoo - city safari game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq-TjCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6ieIIDA	Miniclip Mobile Web Homepage banner ad - Miniclip Mobile Web Homepage
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpunjCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiKr-IIDA	ynet banner ad - ynet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7LHnCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz8rsIDA	Reviews Fixed Lower Banner - AllTrails - Trails, GPS Tracking, and Offline Topo Maps for the Outdoors: Hiking, Camping, Mountain Biking, Running, Fishing, National Parks, and More
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwOTnCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi54uwIDA	iPad Banner Ad - Shave Me!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYybPoCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIs-gIDA	iPad Chess Fun Medium ad - iPad Chess Fun 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxcXpCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBil5-gIDA	SimpleAdsDemo banner - SimpleAds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt5bqCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqiusIDA	tagdisk banner ad - TagDisk - Viewer, Web Browser and Download
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYorXqCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiNq-sIDA	TestApp banner ad - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjN7qCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIi-4IDA	Silly Questions banner ad - Silly Questions
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-5LrCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiaiu4IDA	2Cute iPhone Banner Ad - 2cute - cute pictures of kittens puppies foods bunnies hamsters and other kawaii things
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_7rrCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG0fEIDA	Mon horoscope du jour banner ad - Mon horoscope du jour
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk7zrCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjir-cIDA	Text Me banner ad - Text Me!  - Free SMS, IM, Photo and Video Messenger
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiPfrCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjri-oIDA	iPad Banner Ad - Bad Apples
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1f3rCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjri-oIDA	iPhone Banner Ad - Bad Apples
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-YHsCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-v48FDA	Add Ingredient - Bottom Banner - Calorie Counter - MyFitnessPal
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw4zsCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi54uwIDA	iPhone Banner Ad - Shave Me!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2MjsCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjXyOwIDA	Sagittarius Facts banner ad - Sagittarius Facts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9aztCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjwtO8IDA	Gemini Facts banner ad - Gemini Facts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6sLtCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiblOsIDA	Pisces Facts banner ad - Pisces Facts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4sztCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhzO0IDA	Android Odd Facts banner ad - Android Odd Facts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwJfuCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQ9-sIDA	iPhone Banner Ad - Battle Harvest Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY26HuCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiY6ucHDA	WikiMobile 2 Fullscreen Ad - WikiMobile 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz8TvCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjru-0IDA	Virgo Facts banner ad - Virgo Facts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtdPvCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjR9fAIDA	Leo Facts banner ad - Leo Facts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4-rvCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBir-OkIDA	Taurus Facts banner ad - Taurus Facts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_IHwCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPhu8IDA	Mon horoscope du jour banner ad - Mon horoscope du jour
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr4LwCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI5O8IDA	Human Body Facts banner ad - Human Body Facts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi4nwCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQ9-sIDA	iPad Banner Ad - Battle Harvest Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjInwCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQ9-sIDA	iPad Banner Ad - Battle Harvest Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2M_wCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjXz_AIDA	Aquarius Facts banner ad - Aquarius Facts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzt7wCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjhwgkM	Mrect Ad - SimpleAds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxMLxCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBij9fIIDA	Capricorn Facts banner ad - Capricorn Facts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtMrxCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFsOwIDA	Cancer Facts banner ad - Cancer Facts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi8_xCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjM5vUIDA	AndroidCap banner ad- 320x50 - AndroidCap
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrbfyCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQs_EIDA	Scorpio Facts banner ad - Scorpio Facts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6eXyCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiugu4IDA	Libra Facts banner ad - Libra Facts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_fLyCAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmnPUIDA	Tic Tac Toe by Ludei banner iPhone - Tic Tac Toe by Ludei
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvsX0CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBil5-gIDA	testurtzi - SimpleAds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi9j0CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK2PQIDA	ReleaseMe banner ad - ReleaseMe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpe71CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBim6fQIDA	 banner ad - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4_n2CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBji-fYIDA	Windows 7 - Top 100 Tips banner ad - Windows 7 - Top 100 Tips
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhun3CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidoPgIDA	PubShare banner ad - PubShare
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl9L4CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_yv4IDA	50 best movie quotes banner ad - 50 best movie quotes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5Kb5CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj02vwIDA	Test app banner ad - Test app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkL_5CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq-_4IDA	TD_MLB_320x250 MW banner ad - TD_MLB_320x50 MW
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtL_5CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiajv4IDA	Thunder banner ad - Thunder calculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzt35CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizgv0IDA	Pretty Pet Farms banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Pretty Pet Farm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyPb5CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQkoEJDA	TD_Sprint(OnDeck)_320x50 MW banner ad banner ad - TD_Sprint(OnDeck)_320x50 MW banner ad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYroT6CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQsfsIDA	ACLC banner ad - ACLC
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrKH6CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBgLUIDA	Banner Ad - weibotong
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg6_6CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQrvQIDA	WeiboXL banner ad - WeiboXLAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsvz6CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC0P0IDA	TD_Sprint(OnDeck)_320x250 MW banner ad - TD_TMobile(OnDeck)_320x50 MW
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9eX7CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmnPUIDA	Tic Tac Toe by Ludei interstitial iPhone - Tic Tac Toe by Ludei
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuJ_9CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWkPkIDA	iBasket Android Interstitial - iBasket
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrNn9CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC0P0IDA	TD_TMobile(OnDeck)_320x50 MW banner ad - TD_TMobile(OnDeck)_320x50 MW
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY38L-CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZ8_cIDA	Emit Free banner ad - Emit Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY09n-CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWkPkIDA	iBasket Android Banner - iBasket
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxYT_CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbov8IDA	TetrisAlarm banner ad - TetrisAlarm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzeD_CAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjx9_0IDA	20 Minute Deals - Jamie Oliver banner ad - 20 Minute Deals - Jamie Oliver
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsLGACQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivsYAJDA	TD_Guruji_320x50 MW banner ad - TD_Guruji_320x50 MW
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmdGACQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitt4UJDA	Best Apps Market banner ad - Best Apps Market
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8fmACQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi4iiEM	Banner Ad - WeiboXL Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY25SCCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj8ocJDA	TD_Waptrick_320x50 MW banner ad - TD_Waptrick_320x50 MW
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-taDCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj51oMJDA	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz92DCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBim6fQIDA	Banner Ad - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw_aDCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifiYoJDA	TD_Phonezoo_320x50 MW banner ad - TD_Phonezoo_320x50 MW
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-uCFCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEiocJDA	TD_TVGuide_320x50 MW banner ad - TD_TVGuide_320x50 MW
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhpKGCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVnocJDA	Kromium banner ad - Kromium
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgIyHCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiG-IUJDA	TD_Mocospace_320x50 MW banner ad - TD_Mocospace_320x50 MW
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlsmHCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBio4YkJDA	testApp1 banner ad - testApp1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3YmICQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjL3ooJDA	okezone.com banner ad - okezone.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7eyICQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijiIMJDA	TD_Skweezer_320x50 MW banner ad - TD_Skweezer_320x50 MW
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqfWICQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjblYgJDA	TD_Myxer_320x50 MW banner ad - TD_Myxer_320x50 MW
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyauJCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBilvIcJDA	TD_Fashiculture_320x50 MW banner ad - TD_Fashiculture_320x50 MW
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrZ2KCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjY3JIJDA	Contractors banner ad - Contractors
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhKaKCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjchYQJDA	Draw Free for iPad banner ad - Draw Free for iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYse2KCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiw7YoJDA	TD_Zedge_320x50 MW banner ad - TD_Zedge_320x50 MW
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-_OKCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjA5IoJDA	angry birds banner ad - Angry Birds Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiseLCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJx4sJDA	BottleRocket Evaluation banner ad - BottleRocket Evaluation
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrKSOCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizq5AJDA	JesterDirect banner ad - JesterDirect
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY46aSCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjl2Y0JDA	Aether Wallpapers banner ad - Aether Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4M6SCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidp5EJDA	106 & Park Banner - 106 & Park
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmaeXCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG-JAJDA	iPhone Math Hero banner ad - iPhone Math Hero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1fWXCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIs-gIDA	iPad Fullscreen - iPad Chess Fun 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5JOYCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjP2ZgJDA	NewAllBestBanner - GivesMeHope.com Official App Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4eGYCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG-JAJDA	Math Hero Fullscreen - iPhone Math Hero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuI2ZCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfspsJDA	SongWriter Fullscreen - SongWriter - Record Your Ideas, Wherever You Are
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq7-ZCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8v5MJDA	Movie Collection & Inventory banner ad - Movie Collection & Inventory
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlu6bCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiGkZ8JDA	Basketball Dunkadelic Trial banner ad - Basketball Dunkadelic Trial
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0umcCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEoqEJDA	JOBS banner ad - JOBS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY592eCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjD46UJDA	songify fullscreen ad - Songify
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx96eCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjnyqIJDA	Argos Buddy mobile ad - Argos Buddy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0LulCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBil56AJDA	Greetings World banner ad - Greetings World
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5LSpCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-kbAJDA	millionPhotos Fullscreen - iPhone millionPhotos
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg4SvCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBin-rUJDA	iPhone Puzzle 9 banner ad - iPhone Puzzle 9
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2o6vCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFr60JDA	zlango banner ad - zlango
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-7uvCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-kbAJDA	iPhone millionPhotos banner ad - iPhone millionPhotos
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq46wCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRuLgJDA	Android Funny Ringtones banner ad - Android Funny Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9LewCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4kLYJDA	Easy Chess Fullscreen - iPhone Easy Chess
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_u2wCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBin-rUJDA	Puzzle 9 Fullscreen - iPhone Puzzle 9
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_-2wCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi14rcJDA	Sudoku 3 Beyond Fullscreen - iPhone Sudoku 3 Beyond
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvPWwCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJ27UJDA	iPhone Easy Slot Machine banner ad - iPhone Easy Slot Machine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgaKxCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiunK4JDA	iPhone Memory Test Fullscreen - iPhone Memory Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj62xCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHsLYJDA	iPhone BigAnswers banner ad - Universal  BigAnswers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlrWxCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4-LMJDA	iPhone Riddle Unlimited banner ad - Universal Riddle 500 i
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-MqxCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFwa8JDA	iPhone millionBg Fullscreen - iPhone millionBg
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsM6xCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjU1qsJDA	vocopedia lite banner ad - vocopedia lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqL6yCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4kLYJDA	iPhone Easy Chess banner ad - iPhone Easy Chess
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2fCyCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiM87MJDA	Banner Ad - Simple Flashlight A
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtbOzCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4-LMJDA	iPhone Fullscreen - Universal Riddle 500 i
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq8azCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQnbEJDA	bahama dream getaways banner ad - bahama dream getaways
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7MmzCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJ27UJDA	Easy Slot Machine Fullscreen - iPhone Easy Slot Machine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpsqzCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq17YJDA	uRevise Free banner ad - uRevise Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9qe0CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiunK4JDA	iPhone Memory Test banner ad - iPhone Memory Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5L60CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjvrQJDA	Wine - List, Ratings banner ad - Wine - List, Ratings
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_NW0CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj71bQJDA	iPhone Count Words banner ad - Universal Count Words
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjIy1CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhjLcJDA	Movie Star Slot Machine Fullscreen  - iPhone Movie Star Slot Machine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3tu1CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj71bQJDA	Count Words Fullscreen - Universal Count Words
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrOm1CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhjLcJDA	iPhone Movie Slot banner ad - iPhone Movie Star Slot Machine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY57e2CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFwa8JDA	iPhone millionBg banner ad - iPhone millionBg
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-Mq3CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHsLYJDA	iPhone Fullscreen - Universal  BigAnswers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjMu3CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi14rcJDA	iPhone Sudoku 3 Beyond banner ad - iPhone Sudoku 3 Beyond
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3-i3CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	MidoriyamaKoukou - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_L64CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicpboJDA	NumberRotation banner ad - NumberRotation
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpfK4CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	ShootAtsukiChousen - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpJu5CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	Jyanki - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8OO5CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiM87MJDA	Simple Flashlight A banner ad - Simple Flashlight A
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgIa6CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd_7IJDA	SongWriter Lite - SongWriter Lite - Record Your Ideas, Wherever You Are
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg8e7CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq17YJDA	Banner Ad - uRevise Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY59-7CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiN5doBDA	CH-Android Backfill 320x50 - Chinese Horoscope
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx4G8CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjV7r4JDA	 banner ad - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlJu8CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjnisAJDA	Lobix banner ad - Lobix
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlKC8CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	TheChefshinsyou - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuY29CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	Kuishinbou - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5b29CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjkvb0JDA	Games4Free - Games4Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYype-CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	PsychoBusters - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYytm-CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjYxIEIDA	Banner Ad med - eDrums
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6eC-CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbvMEJDA	 banner ad - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY572_CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjR1bwJDA	Donut and Coin - Pinko Bear banner ad - Donut and Coin - Pinko Bear
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpNq_CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	TheMorgue - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr9y_CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIvcEJDA	nba banner ad - nba
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhsHACQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFwcAJDA	Every Goals banner ad - Every Goals
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzLvBCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjU1qsJDA	vocob banner ad - vocopedia lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9uzBCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj17MEJDA	skout banner ad - Skout
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp4nCCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjP2ZgJDA	InLine Banner Ad - GivesMeHope.com Official App Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2s3CCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisxNsDDA	Gotit Fullscreen - GotiT
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6urCCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1rcYJDA	LoL Soundboard banner ad - LoL Soundboard
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzMbDCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip2r4JDA	Coverjam banner ad - Coverjam
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtN_ECQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiDysMJDA	Beer List, Ratings and Reviews banner ad - Beer List, Ratings and Reviews
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9N3GCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRuLgJDA	launch ad - Android Funny Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4OnHCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjP2ZgJDA	Medium Rec - GivesMeHope.com Official App Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrJzICQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi778cJDA	Animoca Demo Banner ad - Animoca Demo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhqPICQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq-MYJDA	Infometer banner ad - Infometer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY47bICQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqmMYJDA	Music Collection and Inventory banner ad - Music Collection and Inventory
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtOvICQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjM988JDA	 banner ad - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyvTICQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidp5EJDA	106 & Park Medium (300x250) - 106 & Park
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkZvKCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBii-wsM	Tablet Interstitial - SimpleAds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpfjLCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidp5EJDA	Banner Ad - 106 & Park
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvZbMCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAsckJDA	Banner Ad - HeadingOut ReMix 23
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnLXOCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjuy8wJDA	CircleSlash banner ad - CircleSlash
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYifvOCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8lMYJDA	Banner Ad - HeadingOut
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8P_PCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone AdMob Native! MRect - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiafQCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidp5EJDA	106 & Park Interstitial - 106 & Park
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYybPQCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIs9AJDA	banner Bottom - Coup2Gueule
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlLXRCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvxM8JDA	Banner Ad - WeiboXL Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2s7TCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiN5tUJDA	Chinese Hearts banner ad - Chinese Hearts Pre 1.2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxI_UCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjP2ZgJDA	TopListBanner - GivesMeHope.com Official App Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvaHWCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjkdgJDA	iPhone banner ad - ooVoo Mobile iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY88fWCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjyx9YJDA	Android banner ad - ooVoo Mobile- Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYydHXCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjP2ZgJDA	VideosBanner - GivesMeHope.com Official App Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoaXZCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBio19YJDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3PDZCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjb8NkJDA	Nigerian Jobs Info banner ad - Nigerian Jobs Info
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4J3aCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHht4JDA	Banner Ad - Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrZjbCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi61dkJDA	Tasting Pass Finder banner ad - Tasting Pass Finder - Napa Valley Sonoma Wine Country
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhbfcCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivkOAJDA	Shoutem - Tasting Pass Finder banner ad - Shoutem - Tasting Pass Finder
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY64ndCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSrdoJDA	Angry Birds banner ad - Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv67eCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjP89gJDA	Thumb Media Group banner ad - Thumb Media Group
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3PfeCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqxuUJDA	pubAndroid banner ad - pubAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5qDgCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjloOAJDA	interstitial - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2vrgCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWqOEJDA	BugMe! iPhone Banner - BugMe! Lite - Ink Stickies & Alarms
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjJ_mCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFuuUJDA	HelloAndroid banner ad - HelloAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy6vrCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWqOEJDA	iPad Banner - BugMe! Lite - Ink Stickies & Alarms
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgLjvCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibx-8JDA	UberMatch Memory Game banner ad - UberMatch Memory Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr9DwCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm1PEJDA	Lotza banner ad - Lotza
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYivvyCQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjg9_cJDA	TestApp banner ad - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi6n6CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0jfcJDA	OneClick main screen - top - OneClick
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxfj7CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd5fYJDA	TestappIOS banner ad - TestappIOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8pL9CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiguoEKDA	ATI Mobile Web banner ad - ATI Mobile Web
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3r_-CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixiYYKDA	Gunner 2 banner ad - Gunner 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_Yj_CQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhw_4JDA	CarCity Guide banner ad - CarCity Guide
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqeeDCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiw5ocKDA	1111 banner ad - 1111
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4OGECgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIxoMKDA	BodHDGroup banner ad - BodHDGroup
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgqSHCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiz_owKDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2OaHCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_7YEKDA	vegascrush banner ad - vegascrush
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7rmICgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjyxY8KDA	dummy app banner ad - Dummy Quiz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8eiICgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIk4gKDA	BodHDGroup banner ad - BodHDGroup
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzuWNCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5jY4KDA	100+ Horror Stories banner ad - 100+ Horror Stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx5iOCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZ4YkKDA	dummy app banner ad - Dummy Quiz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5tqOCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjVn3QM	Interstitial 270x240 - full mobile website
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu6yQCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBienZAKDA	TD_Poynt_iOS_320x50 banner ad - TD_Poynt_iOS_320x50 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsbyQCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjyJEKDA	TD_AngryBirds_iOS_320x50 banner ad - TD_AngryBirds_iOS_320x50
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvdWSCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi325AKDA	moblover banner ad - moblover
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzpKTCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_148KDA	TD_Poynt_Android_320x50 banner ad - TD_Poynt_Android_320x50
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9u2TCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj17ZMKDA	TD_Pinger_320x50 MW banner ad - TD_Pinger_320x50 MW
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr6aUCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijrZAKDA	TD_AngryBirds_Android_320x50 banner ad - TD_AngryBirds_Android_320x50
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuIqWCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiN-o8KDA	Yellowbook banner ad - US Yellow Pages Search (iOS)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpZqXCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiR3JwKDA	TD_MobileMovies_320x50 MW - TD_MobileMovies_320x50 Banner Ad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6euXCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7-JQKDA	US Yellow Pages banner ad - US Yellow Pages (Android)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4vOXCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi2uZIKDA	Yellowbook Mobile Web banner ad - Yellowbook Mobile Web
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs4SYCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi63ZcKDA	TD_Hi5_320x50 Banner Ad banner ad - TD_Hi5_320x50 Banner Ad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8d6ZCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDnZgKDA	TD_Photobucket_320x50 MW banner ad - TD_Photobucket_320x50 MW
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjd-bCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzs5oKDA	TD_MySpace_320x50 Banner Ad - TD_MySpace_320x50 Banner Ad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8vabCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFs5IKDA	TD_FlirtoMatic_320x50 MW banner ad - TD_FlirtoMatic_320x50 MW
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8bScCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv55cKDA	TD_BleacherReport_320x50 MW banner ad - TD_BleacherReport_320x50 MW
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6bWmCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjYgp0KDA	Text Me banner ad - Text Me! - Free Texting
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzpiqCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjN7aoKDA	bannerjammers banner ad - bannerjammers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY49O5Cgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiOrbkKDA	crazymonkey banner ad - crazymonkey
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9tm5Cgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC4rkKDA	Contacts Backup banner ad - Contacts Backup
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhNe8Cgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtu7sKDA	Top Piano Ringtones banner ad - Top Piano Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3tTACgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi32cEKDA	megs banner ad - megs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxN3ACgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjD3cAKDA	Contacts Backup banner ad - Contacts Backup
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9tXBCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjs_74KDA	banner728x90 - Make Change
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYho_DCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqrsMKDA	Circus Sounds and Ringtones banner ad - Circus Sounds and Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsvnDCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix-cMKDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv8PECgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi01sUKDA	Fruit Darts 728x90 - Fruit Darts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiJnFCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBij6b4KDA	Guns and Explosions banner ad - Guns and Explosions
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsovGCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBim6fQIDA	TEST1 - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrKTGCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJwMMKDA	Top Notification Sounds banner ad - Top Notification Sounds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3LTICgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUo8YKDA	mp4movies.in banner ad - mp4movies.in
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqtfJCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip18kKDA	Paper Glider Android Amazon Lite banner ad - Paper Glider Android Amazon Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqJjLCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjY_McKDA	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlJjOCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH0tEKDA	i-MAGiNE banner ad - i-MAGiNE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm8HOCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_otQKDA	Scary Sounds banner ad - Scary Sounds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9cnOCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCstIKDA	World Cultures Ringtones banner ad - World Cultures Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5u_OCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBltEKDA	Halloween Ringtones banner ad - Halloween Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr93PCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiu3c8KDA	Animal Sound Ringtones banner ad - Animal Sound Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsvvPCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBid1dEKDA	Anti-Bride banner ad - Anti-Bride
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqZzQCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIkNUKDA	slide banner ad - slide
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYor7VCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFu9AKDA	Top Techno Ringtones banner ad - Top Techno Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy9DVCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXj9oKDA	Spartacus Soundboard banner ad - Spartacus Soundboard
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxdvVCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiO-NYKDA	Android Teksti-TV LITE banner ad - Android Teksti-TV LITE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY56HWCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1ht0KDA	sneha test - test123
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY16nWCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1ht0KDA	zdfdsgsdfgh - test123
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1sDWCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1ht0KDA	rtertrty - test123
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7uDWCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1ht0KDA	zdfdsgsdfgh - test123
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6uPXCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1ht0KDA	zdfdsgsdfgh - test123
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-frXCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1ht0KDA	Banner Ad123 - test123
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4qLYCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1ht0KDA	zdfdsgsdfgh - test123
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6ffYCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1ht0KDA	sneha test - test123
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYluzZCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1ht0KDA	test123 banner ad - test123
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4qTaCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1ht0KDA	tet - test123
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjaDbCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfvtcKDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4MzbCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1ht0KDA	sneha test - test123
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYidjbCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvtOAKDA	IOL banner ad - IOL
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlOHbCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiT4dsKDA	PirateFleet Develop banner ad - PirateFleet Develop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnofcCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi91N4KDA	ebuvac.com banner ad - ebuvac.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwJvcCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1ht0KDA	zdfdsgsdfgh - test123
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvOHcCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1ht0KDA	zdfdsgsdfgh - test123
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzazdCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB7twKDA	Me:Inbox - Thumbpark
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk6LeCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiL4OAKDA	Cartoon Sound Effects banner ad - Cartoon Sound Effects
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1OzeCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1ht0KDA	tetjhjhg - test123
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6qHgCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB7twKDA	Lounge:General_ChatRooms - Thumbpark
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY58jgCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB7twKDA	Lounge:General_Chats - Thumbpark
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2ajhCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLregKDA	Medium Popup - TingMedia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYquvhCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB7twKDA	Me:Alerts - Thumbpark
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxu7hCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLregKDA	Top Banner Ad - TingMedia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-6XjCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB7twKDA	Me:Game Stats - Thumbpark
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjdTjCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB7twKDA	Lounge:A_Chat - Thumbpark
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6tXjCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiEleQKDA	Manhunt banner ad - Manhunt
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYloTkCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB7twKDA	Lounge:Browse_People - Thumbpark
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYipvkCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB7twKDA	Pre-Game - Thumbpark
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqpvkCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB7twKDA	Lounge:A_ChatRoom - Thumbpark
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoPDkCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB7twKDA	Lounge:A_GroupChat - Thumbpark
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY68zlCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB7twKDA	Me:Rankings - Thumbpark
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3MPmCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMqecKDA	Manhunt banner ad - Manhunt
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2fXmCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFm-kKDA	101 Favorite Dog Breeds banner ad (android phone) - 101 Favorite Dog Breeds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy9voCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUsOkKDA	Eye Color Changer banner ad - Eye Color Changer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy__rCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjK_-sKDA	RapidSave banner ad - RapidSave
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv7jsCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjD8uUKDA	MovieTickets.com banner ad - MovieTickets.com - Showtimes and Tickets
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsK7uCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJlewKDA	Typing Mania Lite banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Typing Mania! Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYya7uCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi__u0KDA	Typing Mania! banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Typing Mania!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8cjuCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjs_74KDA	Banner320x50 - Make Change
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyNnuCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW4-kHDA	Banner Ad 2 - prova
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2cnxCgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLregKDA	Full Screen Ad - TingMedia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyO_1Cgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii5PgKDA	Christmas Sounds and Ringtones banner ad - Christmas Sounds and Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpNL3Cgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjh0vsKDA	Sounds of Summer banner ad - Sounds of Summer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvfD3Cgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizj_wKDA	101 Favorite Dog Breeds(MM ads) banner ad - 101 Favorite Dog Breeds(MM ads)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkaT4Cgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiEifMKDA	Amazing Bird Calls banner ad - Amazing Bird Calls
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7ov5Cgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8-vIKDA	Medium Rec Banner - Saavn Music
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7qX5Cgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtpfkKDA	Top Romantic Ringtones banner ad - Top Romantic Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1sj5Cgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTlfoKDA	FlipSite Media banner ad - FlipSite Media
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpoj6Cgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjO8PsKDA	Scary Halloween Ringtones banner ad - Scary Halloween Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7qz6Cgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjgkfkKDA	Cats and Dogs Ringtones banner ad - Cats and Dogs Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmrT6Cgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi2pPgKDA	Android Relaxing Ringtones banner ad - Android Relaxing Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrtb6Cgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFrP0KDA	Sounds of Nature banner ad - Sounds of Nature
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYheb6Cgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijy_kKDA	iMixAndDrink banner ad - iMixAndDrink
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1O76Cgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjimf4KDA	Banner Ad - Angry Birds Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqNv7Cgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK7voKDA	Nauc se Pravopis banner ad - Nauc se Pravopis
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq5f8Cgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFm-kKDA	banner ad - millinial media - 101 Favorite Dog Breeds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz8_8Cgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6gfoKDA	Top Funny SMS Sounds banner ad - Top Funny SMS Sounds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoMr-Cgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYv4ELDA	Angry Birds banner ad - Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzuf-Cgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjN5_4KDA	Classical Music Ringtones banner ad - Classical Music Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4IiBCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMsvwKDA	House of Horrors banner ad - House of Horrors
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw5KDCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZhf4KDA	AI Hockey banner ad - AI Hockey
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0ZmFCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikqo0LDA	Wager Lite banner ad - Wager Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8bCGCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpgYILDA	Angry banner ad - Angry
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2omICww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqpIkLDA	All India News banner ad - All India News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyJiICww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiurI8LDA	Wordpress.com banner ad - Wordpress.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl5SJCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixkZALDA	sanjay simi banner ad - sanjay simi
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtoKKCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1rIkLDA	All India News banner ad - All India News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYipSKCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimroELDA	story test banner ad - story test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoomLCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihiYsLDA	reckless getaway banner ad - Reckless Getaway
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiNeLCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiH14sLDA	reckless getaway banner ad - Reckless Getaway
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkeyLCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iOS AdMob Native! Leaderboard - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY59SOCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBil2ZMLDA	GH TEST banner ad - GH TEST
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0aCTCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK64wLDA	testapp banner ad - testapp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq6uVCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBil2ZMLDA	My Custom - GH TEST
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjoCWCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBil2ZMLDA	Banner Ad - GH TEST
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0oqWCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBin8pULDA	Super Snake banner ad - Super Snake
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgOOXCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRhZULDA	Pretty Pet Salon banner ad - 320x50 Android - Pretty Pet Salon Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6OyXCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQo5QLDA	ParcelGenie - ParcelGenie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmfeXCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjh25oLDA	SG Driving FTT Lite banner ad - SGDriving Final Theory Test Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5uWZCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBil3pcLDA	PowerMax banner ad - PowerMax
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgrGbCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv_50LDA	UK Riding Theory Test 320 x 50 - UKRidingGenius Lite, UK Riding Theory Test for Motorcyclists
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5MibCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiH0JsLDA	UK Driving Theory Test 320x50 - UKDrivingGenius Lite, UK Driving Theory Test for Car Drivers Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_pucCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiT4dsKDA	Fullscreen Devel - PirateFleet Develop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv6WdCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9jp8LDA	Central banner ad - Central
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqtqdCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiox6ALDA	Lunar Lander banner ad - Lunar Lander
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-qWeCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBierp4LDA	SG Driving BTT Lite banner ad - SGDriving Basic Theory Test Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4PaeCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjc5pwLDA	Call Guard Lite banner ad - Call Guard Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw_mgCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUlKILDA	African Ringtones banner ad - African Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY27ShCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUw5kLDA	Call Guard Lite banner ad - Call Guard Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgoqiCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxip4LDA	Call Guard Lite banner ad - Call Guard Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnpKiCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPrJkLDA	Note Pad banner ad - Note Pad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiLClCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7u6ILDA	GalleryBook banner ad - GalleryBook
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYls2sCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjf0KsLDA	Color Me Color Splash Effect banner ad - Color Me Color Splash Effect
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh-2tCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0_a8LDA	Haunted House Ambience banner ad - Haunted House Ambience
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl_CuCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpya4LDA	Dinosaur Roars banner ad - Dinosaur Roars
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnZOxCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjigrMLDA	Islamvid banner ad - Islamvid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY75mxCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJ27ALDA	All India News banner ad - All India News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqKWyCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk6rYLDA	heardoutloud.com banner ad - heardoutloud.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy_K0Cww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixnbILDA	Android Market (3.2) - Scanner Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo8u6Cww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiH0JsLDA	UK Driving Theory Test INTERSTITIAL - UKDrivingGenius Lite, UK Driving Theory Test for Car Drivers Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8Ia7Cww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7pLULDA	Bloomin Garden banner ad - Bloomin Garden
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs6a8Cww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7_r0LDA	Speakasiaonline.com banner ad - Speakasiaonline.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz8i8Cww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOyLwLDA	Merry Christmas Ringtones banner ad - Merry Christmas Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy8e_Cww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjq-bgLDA	Japan News Online banner ad - Japan News Online
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3ua_Cww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjq-bgLDA	Banner Ad - Japan News Online
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2_PHCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBja88cLDA	The Lounge banner ad - The Lounge
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlvfHCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk48gLDA	safetykes banner ad - safetykes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwMzLCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBij1csLDA	Jazzy Ringtones banner ad - Jazzy Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1ZjWCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz49sLDA	ok banner ad - EZ Radar - OK/AR
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYucXYCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJydcLDA	SimpleForecastApp banner ad - SimpleForecastApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmrHZCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHktMLDA	UK Drive Ride Theory Test 320 x 50 - UK Drive Ride Theory Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1sbaCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUkNgLDA	iPad Banner Ad - Static Charge
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo87bCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixnbILDA	728 x 90 banner Ad - Scanner Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7fjbCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUkNgLDA	Static Charge banner ad - Static Charge
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuaXkCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI1-kLDA	TestFullscreenAd banner ad - TestFullscreenAd
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7OjlCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI1-kLDA	Banner Ad - TestFullscreenAd
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_oDmCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTs-0LDA	SPEEDDATE banner ad - SpeedDate: Real Dates in Real-Time
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5cLnCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinv-4LDA	Word Colors Free Fullscreen - Word Colors Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6IbqCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjomeULDA	allaboutapps banner ad - allaboutapps
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjabqCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPuecLDA	hozpoz banner ad - hozpoz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6ufqCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp5-oLDA	TD_RON_MW_320x480 banner ad - TD_RON_MW_320x480
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY36HrCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU-eILDA	Lack Movies banner ad - Lack Movies
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpe7rCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp5-oLDA	TD_RON_MW_Full 320x480 - TD_RON_MW_320x480
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk6LtCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipzPALDA	h banner ad - h
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtZ7xCww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0nvELDA	Dudu Go Home banner ad - Dudu Go Home
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8oT2Cww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv_fcLDA	Banner Ad - Darkness Escape
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnaz4Cww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv_fcLDA	Darkness Escape banner ad - Darkness Escape
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0rr4Cww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU-eILDA	Banner Ad - Lack Movies
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9774Cww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9pfkLDA	testapp banner ad - testapp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwZT8Cww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBigjyIM	Banner Ad - Flood-It! 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYycD8Cww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicxfkLDA	Testapp banner ad - Testapp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp9f-Cww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4y_8LDA	Ringtone Control banner ad - Ringtone Control
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYndKADAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit5YEMDA	knots banner ad - Knots
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1YyBDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEjIUMDA	Super Squid banner ad - Super Squid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY25OBDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjznoAMDA	mac banner ad - mac
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYttKBDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjy-IEMDA	epguides banner ad - epguides.com Latest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-8qDDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq44EMDA	SAT Vocab Master banner ad - SAT Vocab Master
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0sGLDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk4ZIMDA	TD_RON_iOS_320x480 banner ad - TD_RON_iOS_320x480
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwtSLDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB1IsMDA	Drop the Duck banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Drop The Duck!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2oKMDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhu5AMDA	Hospital Story banner ad- 320x50 iPhone - Hospital Story
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6IKMDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBim1IsMDA	Hero City banner ad- 320x50 iPhone - Hero City
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3MGMDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9h40MDA	Tom and Jerry banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Tom and Jerry
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpMmMDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDqpMMDA	3D Maze Game banner ad- 300x50 iPhone - 3D Maze Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzeCMDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIo5MMDA	Pretty Pet Tycoon banner ad- 320x50 Android - Pretty Pet Tycoon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9KWNDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4go4MDA	Pizza Picasso banner ad- 320x50 iPhone - Pizza Prime
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhqOODAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijno0MDA	3D Maze Game banner ad- 320x50 Android - 3D Maze Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl8KODAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiV5owMDA	Alphabet Car banner ad - 320x50 Android - Alphabet Car
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpsmODAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik-ZQMDA	My Pet Pandingo banner ad- 320x50 iPhone - My Pet Pandingo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqsqODAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBia0JEMDA	Whack a dragon banner ad- 320x50 iPhone - Whack a dragon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz9GODAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMgJQMDA	Hello Kitty Bubble Mania banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Hello Kitty Bubble Mania
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx7ePDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjGt48MDA	Pretty Pet Pony banner ad- 320x50 iPhone - Pretty Pet Pony
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY48KPDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRhJQMDA	Token Toss banner ad- 320x50 Android - Token Toss
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhsaPDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXj40MDA	Dress to Impress HD banner ad- 728x90 iPad - Dress to Impress HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkPSPDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBju55MMDA	Battery Update Groupon - Battery Update
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_PiPDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIsZIMDA	Drudge on Droids banner ad - Drudge on Droids
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm5aQDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbxI0MDA	3D Maze Game banner ad- 320x50 iPhone - 3D Maze Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYub-RDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj16ZAMDA	Baby Flash Cards banner ad- 320x50 Android - Baby Flash Cards
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmciRDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC7ZIMDA	Pretty Pet Salon Summer banner ad- 320x50 iPhone - Pretty Pet Salon Summer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmauSDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBif-o8MDA	AM Reader banner ad - AM Reader
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-q2SDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6640MDA	Movie Manic banner ad- 320x50 iPhone - Movie Manic
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrLuTDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiru5MMDA	Cinderella Cafe banner ad- 320x50 iPhone - Cinderella Cafe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkdKTDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjf85QMDA	Zombie Salon banner ad- 320x50 iPhone - Zombie Salon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkvOTDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9pfkLDA	Banner Ad - testapp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4veTDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjwgYwMDA	Make Up Girls banner ad- 320x50 iPhone - Make Up Girls
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7J6UDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBx5EMDA	Baby Piano Lite banner ad- 320x50 Android - Baby Piano Lite 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgqGUDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjo7tMEDA	Backfill - Space Bubbles
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyMaUDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUxIsMDA	Pretty Pet Salon Summer - Korean banner ad- 320x50 iPhone - Pretty Pet Salon Summer - Korean
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY182UDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiy45IMDA	My Car Salon banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - My Car Salon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlOyVDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPpZoMDA	Blah Blah banner ad - Blah Blah
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_-6VDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9pfkLDA	Testttt - testapp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-qmWDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSmJkMDA	Fongo Custom - Fongo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoKCXDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-55kMDA	Railroad Train iPad - Railroad Train
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj7WZDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixnbILDA	Amazon App Store (3.2) - Scanner Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnN-ZDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib35kMDA	Search Results - iPhone - Daft.ie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv-eZDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-55kMDA	Railroad Train Iphone - Railroad Train
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi5ObDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhvpwMDA	MySolat banner ad - MySolat
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyeKcDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDw5wMDA	fruit link go 728x90 - Fruit Link Go Universal
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5fKcDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDw5wMDA	Fruit Link Go 320x50 - Fruit Link Go Universal
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6LmdDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjimf4KDA	full screen - Angry Birds Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyqCfDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	snowdolphin - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyrCfDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	yayaBUSU - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtZqhDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	AleanoKishi - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjeWhDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjwlqEMDA	Dodge talent banner ad - Dodge Talent
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv4CkDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	PickingTrionoJikenbo - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1v2kDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8kqEMDA	DealLocator banner ad - HelloPhonegap
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_aylDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8rKUMDA	Angry Birds banner ad - Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwoCnDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHgqQMDA	Fantasy Lens banner ad - Fantasy Lens
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmdanDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjeva4MDA	Pirate Subs banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Pirate Subs Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY05eoDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCraUMDA	Flick Ninja(Chn) banner ad - Flick Ninja(Chn)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY09eoDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiu3LQBDA	320x50 Banner Ad - Dancing Jesse the Rabbit
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnKmpDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPua0MDA	Dodge Talent banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Dodge Talent!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_vapDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq6fcCDA	dsg ADMOB_NATIVE + MOPUB - ~Slide Pencil Lead~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvbyqDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFu6gMDA	Slide Pencil Lead (AdMob Native) banner ad - Slide Pencil Lead (AdMob Native)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsOuqDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjo7tMEDA	Banner Ad - Space Bubbles
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8Z-rDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIsZIMDA	Tablet Banner Ad - Drudge on Droids
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvv-rDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq6fcCDA	[AdMob Native] Slide Pencil Lead - ~Slide Pencil Lead~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrvSuDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi1jKgMDA	Infection banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Infection!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn8ywDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib35kMDA	Property Details - iPhone - Daft.ie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs_6yDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjkkrAMDA	Cupcake Maker Full Screen - Cupcake Maker - Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrqG5DAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJvPwCDA	pb2 ADMOB_NATIVE + MOPUB - ~Paddle Bounce G~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0Y-9DAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjkkrAMDA	Banner Ad - Cupcake Maker - Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkNi-DAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB3MMMDA	Hungry Monkey banner ad - Hungry Monkey
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7Z3IDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRpsoMDA	Mini Piano Lite banner ad - Mini Piano Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYos_MDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizw80MDA	Top Electronica Ringtones banner ad - Top Electronica Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5e7MDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk6rYLDA	Banner Ad 2 - heardoutloud.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgLvSDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjF_ncM	Banner Ad test - Hungry Fish
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzsTTDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBignIsDDA	whoa ADMOB_NATIVE + MOPUB - ~Balance the Bomb~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzYbUDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8zI8DDA	droidstick.click MAIN ad - ~World Fastest Clicker~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhbrUDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxjtcMDA	78 banner ad - 78
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6pnVDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4-dIMDA	SGBasicTheory 320 x 50 - SGBasicTheory
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx_LWDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZqNcMDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4qrXDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBja5NgMDA	willbuildonesoon.com banner ad - willbuildonesoon.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv8vYDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJoNcMDA	SGFinalTheory 320 x 50 - SGFinalTheory
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgeHYDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi2gNMMDA	Screen Insects banner ad - Screen Insects
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk_rYDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIsZIMDA	tablet banner links - Drudge on Droids
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5bjZDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIsZIMDA	Drudge on Droids medium - Drudge on Droids
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-ezjDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMq-QMDA	Bubble Juggle banner ad- 320x50 iPhone - Bubble Juggle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_8rkDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-yuQMDA	Dress to Impress banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Dress to Impress
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhPPkDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSwekMDA	Pretty Pet Salon Seasons banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Pretty Pet Salon Seasons
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0IrlDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjF4uQMDA	My Pet Cuby banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - My Pet Cuby
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4qDlDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhoOUMDA	Martial Block banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Martial Block
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_rDlDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjV0-YMDA	  HD (My Pet Cuby HD) banner ad - 728x90 iPad -   HD (My Pet Cuby HD)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7sflDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTleoMDA	Multi Shot Cam banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Multi Shot Cam
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk8jlDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjc4-oMDA	  HD (My Pet Cuby HD) banner ad - 728x90 iPad -   HD (My Pet Cuby HD)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqJfmDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3iucMDA	Token Toss banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Token Toss
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxL_mDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiOwt0MDA	All American Ringtones banner ad - All American Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwIPnDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHuekMDA	Pretty Pet Tycoon HD banner ad - 728x90 iPad - Pretty Pet Tycoon HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_dDnDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi1g-cMDA	Pretty Pet Salon Seasons HD banner ad - 320x50 - Pretty Pet Salon Seasons HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgdPnDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ_eQMDA	Beauty Hunt 728x90 - Beauty Hunt
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0N_nDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiy5-sMDA	Luckteller banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - luckteller
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuIboDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiaue0MDA	Pretty Pet Salon Pro banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Pretty Pet Salon Pro
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0bToDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCqekMDA	My Pet Cuby banner ad - 320x50 Android - My Pet Cuby
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYusvoDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjR7eUMDA	Pretty Pet Salon banner ad- 320x50 iPhone - Pretty Pet Salon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu-PoDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi64-gMDA	Bananas banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Bananas! by Doctor Noize
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgILpDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq4OsMDA	Super Engineer banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Super Engineer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6qDpDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfzuMMDA	Alphabet Car Lite banner ad - 320x50 Android - Alphabet Car Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiaLpDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7yO0MDA	Pretty Pet Salon Summer HD banner ad - 728x90 iPad - Pretty Pet Salon Summer HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1MfpDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTx-kMDA	My Pet Cuby HD banner ad - 728x90 iPad - My Pet Cuby HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoM_pDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifz-kMDA	Car Creator banner ad- 320x50 Android - Car Creator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9dfpDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdqOUMDA	Car Creator banner ad- 320x50 iPhone - Car Creator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4f7pDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC6-oMDA	My Pet Cuby banner ad - 728x90 iPad - My Pet Cuby HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx43qDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjg5ukMDA	Car Creator banner ad- 728x90 iPad - Car Creator HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiPLqDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiKyuIMDA	Talking Zombies banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Talking Zombies
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyYXrDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5s-kMDA	Icetip.mobi banner ad - Icetip.mobi
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2InrDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiKv-MMDA	Fortunator banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Fortunator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw8brDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_r_EMDA	Smiley Rain banner ad - Smiley Rain
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1NfrDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiM--oMDA	Car City banner ad- 320x50 iPhone - Car City
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY__XrDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi92uYMDA	Bubble Catcher! banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Bubble Catcher!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYho_sDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_gekMDA	Robojump banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - RoboJump
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2J7sDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi46-wMDA	  (Token Toss Korean) banner ad - 320x50 iPhone -   (Token Toss Korean)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2rXsDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8gekMDA	Pretty Pet Tycoon banner ad- 320x50 iPhone - Pretty Pet Tycoon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt8XsDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZxeYMDA	Who Loves You More banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Who Loves You More
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjtzsDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBje-uQMDA	Pretty Pet Salon Strategy Guide banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Pretty Pet Salon Strategy Guide
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnfXtDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi2u-wMDA	iMourinho Quiere Copas - iMourinho Quiere Copas
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhLHuDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-_vAMDA	Screen Insects Lite - Screen Insects Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_ObvDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4vPIMDA	320x50  - Catch Halloween Candy FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm5_xDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixnbILDA	Generic (3.2) - Scanner Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYucbxDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjsk_IMDA	_admob banner ad - _admob
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvOTyDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNgvMMDA	iMourinho Quiere Copas banner ad - iMourinho Quiere Copas
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjqbzDAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii2fgMDA	Dan Sack banner ad - Dan Sack
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-Z30DAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjS2_IMDA	iMorinho Quiere Copas banner ad - iMourinho Quiere Copas
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6eD3DAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDxvwMDA	Test App banner ad - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkdT5DAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiH3_YMDA	Grindr banner ad - Grindr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3eL5DAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqtoYHDA	Banner - JobUP.ch
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4af6DAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiipPkMDA	Pazam banner ad - "
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5b_8DAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-oYANDA	Punch The Rats 320x50 - Punch The Rats
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyfX8DAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiR4fcMDA	crazy_fist banner ad - Crazy_Fist
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY186ADQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjA4fcMDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtKWBDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-oYANDA	Punch The Rats 728x90 - Punch The Rats
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8bCEDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjy-okNDA	Funny Baby Ringtones and Sounds banner ad - Funny Baby Ringtones and Sounds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkbqFDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLk4UNDA	m.daiboms.blog.hu banner ad - m.daiboms.blog.hu
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8rqHDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMj4ANDA	Battery Analyzer banner ad - Battery Analyzer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlP6HDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBlYwNDA	Causality banner ad - Causality
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1M6IDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiW24MNDA	Mobile Web App banner ad - Mobile Web App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz9iIDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmzYUNDA	Idle Tracker HD banner ad - Idle Tracker HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8ueIDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjx54gNDA	deviantART banner ad - deviantART
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4_-IDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9tosDDA	[Admob Native]pingpong - ~Paddle Bounce~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYosqJDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_m5ENDA	Nyan banner ad - Nyan
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiNuJDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0-YUNDA	Top Classical Ringtones banner ad - Top Classical Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9J2KDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib35kMDA	Property Details - iPad - Daft.ie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvtWMDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib35kMDA	Search Results - iPad - Daft.ie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY046PDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtu40NDA	Homestead banner ad - Homestead
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj9mSDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0qpQNDA	Poiuy medium ad - Poiuy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-t2SDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi055YNDA	World Stock Markets Web - World Stock Markets
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnaSTDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjD8tYGDA	shuriken MAIN - Flick Ninja
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6MGUDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBin7I0NDA	Wifi QR Code Generator banner ad - Wifi QR Code Generator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYucSVDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjo85sNDA	wi st banner ad - wi st
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkquWDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8lJwNDA	Old Photo PRO banner ad - Old Photo PRO
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq8ycDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibs-QCDA	dsg2 ADMOB_NATIVE + MOPUB - ~Load Pencil Lead~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6sSdDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivxZ8NDA	Super Pretzel Maker Full Screen - Super Pretzel Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2IueDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwm6INDA	Fondue Maker Full Screen 1 - Fondue Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-LGeDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig3aENDA	Dessert Drop Full Screen - Dessert Drop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8cCeDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjsg6INDA	ICEE maker Full Screen 2 - ICEE Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu4ifDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjsg6INDA	ICEE maker Full Screen 1 - ICEE Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4LWfDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj2zaENDA	Bride and Groom Maker Full Screen - Bride and Groom Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8NWfDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCqqQNDA	Marshmallow Cookie Maker Full Screen - Marshmallow Cookie Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_tCgDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjI_6INDA	Larry the Lizard Full Screen - Larry the Lizard
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj9SgDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiO2OsCDA	finger ADMOB_NATIVE + MOPUB - ~Grab me if you can~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8oehDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjV-50NDA	Pie Maker Full Screen - Pie Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoq6hDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwm6INDA	Fondue Maker Full Screen 2 - Fondue Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxdWhDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjguaANDA	Cheerleader Maker Full Screen - Cheerleader Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvKKiDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjogqANDA	Cookie Maker 2 Full Screen - Cookie Maker 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0KmiDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXvZ0NDA	Burger Drop Full Screen - Burger Drop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpbmiDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSlp0NDA	Cookie Maker Full Screen - Cookie Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYseCiDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWqqANDA	Pizza Maker Full Screen - Pizza Maker Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3q2jDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCqqQNDA	Marshmallow Cookie Maker Stack Full Screen - Marshmallow Cookie Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgeyjDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBjp0NDA	Breakfast Maker Full Screen - Breakfast Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq7KkDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjaraMNDA	Cake Maker Full Screen - Cake Maker - Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4rmkDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG_6INDA	Sundae Maker Full Screen - Sundae Maker - Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5f-kDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZn6UNDA	Donut Maker Full Screen - Donut Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqoKlDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjkiqkNDA	Blocks! banner ad - Blocks!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY78WlDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjii6YNDA	Sundae Maker - Android Full Screen - Sundae Maker - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY182lDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8lJwNDA	Banner Ad - Old Photo PRO
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrtWlDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQqp4NDA	Cake Maker 2 Full Screen - Cake Maker 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYto-mDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUoaUNDA	Pretty Pet Pony banner ad - Pretty Pet Pony
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu7qmDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8sqQNDA	Dinosaur Maker Full Screen - Dinosaur Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsumnDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCsqcNDA	Deal Finder Ad - Deal Finder
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsemoDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigga8NDA	dodoappsbanner - dodoapps
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkaapDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQpqkNDA	HelloAndroid fullscreen ad - HelloAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs9iqDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBir_PgCDA	[Admob Native]stomp - ~Dynamite Defuse~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5uirDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8lJwNDA	Interstitial Ad - Old Photo PRO
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY58ytDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQpqkNDA	Hire Me Ad - HelloAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3umtDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0ja8NDA	Android Test app banner ad - Android Test app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn8uuDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinr60NDA	Geordie Norman Media banner ad - Geordie Norman Media 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi8GvDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7zKoNDA	iAtlas Israel Banner Ad - iAtlas Israel
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhsavDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iOS Promo Banner - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3IexDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik3KIBDA	SimpleAds Test Ad Unit - SimpleAds Website
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv6CyDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiur7ANDA	Music WithMe fullscreen - Music WithMe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsdKyDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone Promo Interstitial - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg-u0DQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvorsNDA	asfdasdf banner ad - asfdasdf
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuPi2DQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iOS Promo Mrect - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwqG_DQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisiPMDDA	Phantom Music Control - Banner - Phantom Music Control
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrsTADQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5tcUNDA	simple banner ad - simple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9cjADQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm4MANDA	Test banner unit - MyApp1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7-_BDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8ksENDA	TestApp banner ad - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_PzCDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi07r8NDA	TestApp banner ad - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpqDHDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp_JYDDA	Studentska kucharka - Banner - Studentska kucharka
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY06bHDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigga8NDA	Banner Ad - dodoapps
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY28_HDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiykb8NDA	android - android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjIfXDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjw-dMNDA	Origami banner ad - Origami
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY47vXDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIj9QNDA	Craps banner ad - Craps
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6vLeDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjb1uINDA	Best animal for you banner ad - Best animal for you
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoYHjDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7od4NDA	Playlist Designer ad - Playlist Designer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuo7kDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBilmN8NDA	Fruit Link HD 728x90 - Fruit Link HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkMvuDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjV7e8NDA	Internet OnOff Free banner ad - Internet OnOff Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-7LvDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiGie4NDA	mobile web banner ad - mobile web
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgPTyDQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjw-dMNDA	Banner Ad - Origami
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9I_7DQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjw-dMNDA	Origami ADs - Origami
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwdP7DQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5kIIODA	Resume Helper banner ad - Resume Helper
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnYz9DQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVm-gGDA	Banner Ad - Block Drop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt9T_DQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA6_8NDA	Big Buttons Free HD banner ad - Big Buttons Free HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6KqCDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5gP8NDA	twistorke banner ad - twistorke
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnIaKDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0mY8ODA	Columbus test banner ad - Columbus test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY79uKDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6j5AODA	Android test adds not serving banner ad - Android test adds not serving
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhOiKDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi01sUKDA	Fruit Darts 320x50 - Fruit Darts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2PqKDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBia4ooODA	my diary & events banner ad - my diary & events
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-PyKDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhkJAODA	Dictionary.com 320 x 50 - Dictionary.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhNSMDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0tY4ODA	iAd iPhone test App banner ad - iAd iPhone test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9O6MDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBim1JMODA	Bride and Groom Maker - Android banner ad - Bride and Groom Maker - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp_yMDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiE4Y8ODA	osman banner ad - osman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuP6MDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK14wODA	TVGuide 320 x 50 - TV Guide Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkryNDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0sZIODA	Full Screen - Cake Make 2 - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt8SNDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-opAODA	MovieTickets.com 320 x 50 - MovieTickets.com - Showtimes and Tickets
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYroqODgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitio4ODA	MovieTickets.com 320 x 50 - MovieTickets.com - Showtimes and Tickets
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlJKODgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-tJEODA	Nachos Maker - Android banner ad - Nachos Maker - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyJmODgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVrZEODA	TV Guide 320 x 50 - TV Guide
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsqCODgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ0JAODA	Travelocity 320 x 50 - Travelocity
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2KCODgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-nZEODA	Android Headlines Banner 320 x 50 - Android Headlines
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3KGODgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKmpIODA	Full Screen - Cheerleader Maker - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm6iODgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_k40ODA	Travelocity 320 x 50 - Travelocity
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2MCODgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi545EODA	Full Screen - ICEE Maker - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9seODgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0sZIODA	Cake Make 2 - Android banner ad - Cake Make 2 - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwdeODgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBie_5QODA	Pumpkin Maker banner ad - Pumpkin Maker - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5d-ODgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyh5MODA	Banner Ad - Sand Castle Maker - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8u2ODgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjx7Y4ODA	IntoMobile 320 x 50 Banner - IntoMobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8_2ODgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNnpEODA	MovieTickets.com 320 x 50 - MovieTickets.com - Showtimes and Tickets
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtYWPDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi91JEODA	eHow 320 x 50 - eHow
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY762PDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjurY8ODA	Full Screen - Hot Dog Maker - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzryPDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjilZMODA	MakeUp Maker Full Screen Ad - MakeUp Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8MyPDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvzI8ODA	TV Guide 320 x 50 - TV Guide
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvNSPDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjurY8ODA	Hot Dog Maker - Android banner ad - Hot Dog Maker - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3P-PDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJoY0ODA	@Thermometer front - @Thermometer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgayQDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiegJEODA	Columbus - The App - Columbus - The App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm9GQDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyh5MODA	Sand Castle Maker - Android banner ad - Sand Castle Maker - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxP2QDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjM7IoODA	Dictionary.com 320 x 50 - Dictionary.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7P2QDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjr_ZAODA	Travelocity 320 x 50 - Travelocity
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqqaRDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjwq4sODA	Full Screen - Snowman Maker - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjqmRDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiuhZYODA	CT Broadcasting banner ad - CT Broadcasting
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6a2RDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi545EODA	ICEE Maker - Android banner ad - ICEE Maker - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuLWRDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0-pMODA	Christmas Tree Maker - Android banner ad - Christmas Tree Maker - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzt2RDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBie_5QODA	Full Screen - Pumpkin Maker - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg5qSDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj635QODA	Pandora 320 x 50 - Pandora
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy5qSDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKmpIODA	Cheerleader Maker - Android banner ad - Cheerleader Maker - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnrGSDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm15QODA	Cracked.com 320 x 50 - Cracked.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyLGSDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbrZUODA	Movietickets.com 320 x 50 - MovieTickets.com - Showtimes and Tickets
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8reSDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjg0o8ODA	Dictionary.com 320 x 50 - Dictionary.com - Dictionary & Thesaurus - Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy9CSDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiptI0ODA	Pandora 320 x 50 - Pandora
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvdiSDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi185EODA	Pizza Maker - Android banner ad - Pizza Maker - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo-mSDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjS7JMODA	gospel 1590 banner ad - KPRT Gospel 1590
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm_-SDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjx0o0ODA	Pandora 320 x 50 - Pandora Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg76TDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCvpMODA	Quick Nap banner ad - Quick Nap
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgNuTDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_2pMODA	Mac Rumors 320 x 50 - Mac Rumors
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo_OTDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi185EODA	Full Screen - Pizza Maker - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg5KUDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwm6INDA	Fondue Maker Banner Ad - Fondue Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYopmUDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjYkZQODA	eHow 320 x 50 - eHow
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnamUDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisxI0ODA	TV Guide 320 x 50 - TV Guide Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwamUDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0-pMODA	Full Screen - Christmas Tree Maker - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx6mUDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBim1JMODA	Full Screen - Bride and Groom Maker - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYybCUDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjilZMODA	Banner Ad - MakeUp Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYocGUDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjwq4sODA	Snowman Maker - Android banner ad - Snowman Maker - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7OeUDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-tJEODA	Full Screen - Nachos Maker - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzYmWDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIj50ODA	ipad sudoku3 fullscreen - ipad sudoku3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYre-XDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFj5IODA	hippo banner ad - Talking Baby Hippo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYptSYDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW5Y8ODA	Sweetapp banner ad - Sweetapp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7YKaDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIj50ODA	ipad sudoku3 Medium ad - ipad sudoku3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmOuaDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX65oODA	Logic banner ad - Logic
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm-6aDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ_eQMDA	Beauty Hunt 320x50 - Beauty Hunt
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv9GbDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiN6ZsODA	Pretty Pet Salon HD banner ad - 728x90 Android - Pretty Pet Salon HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzL-cDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiG8pUODA	nano banner ad - nano
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9LGdDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSqp8ODA	Dress to Impress banner ad- 320x50 Android - Dress to Impress
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhcGdDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-950ODA	My Pet Pandingo banner ad- 320x50 Android - My Pet Pandingo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7eedDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi40Z0ODA	Scooter Hero banner ad - Scooter Hero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl6SfDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWsp8ODA	Box Battle banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Box Battle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq8CfDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiclaAODA	TestAd banner ad - TestAd
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2sSgDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_rpwODA	Fairy Dress up Lite Leaderboard ad - Fairy Princess Dress-Up Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5vygDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3j5wODA	Doodle Face Lite banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Doodle Face Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYloihDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7qaAODA	BannerTest - Voice Race
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx8KhDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihxqIODA	Doodle Face banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Doodle Face
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpNGhDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5h6AODA	Baby Piano banner ad- 320x50 Android - Baby Piano
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6N6hDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjsg6INDA	Banner Ad - ICEE Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkoGiDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjr6AODA	Deep Sea Fish Tycoon banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Deep Sea Fish Tycoon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlKeiDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCzqIODA	ShoutEm application banner - Your ShoutEm application name here
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8ZOjDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjYh54ODA	Pretty Pet Calendar banner ad - 728x90 iPad - Pretty Pet Calendar
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvbOjDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXzqAODA	My Friend Map banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - My Friend Map
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkdCjDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig3aENDA	Banner Ad - iPad - Dessert Drop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7uejDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjii6YNDA	Banner Ad - Sundae Maker - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnpikDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidmKQODA	Calendar 2011 banner ad - 728x90 iPad - Calendar 2011
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4qCkDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd4Z8ODA	Drumline banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Drumline
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY96SkDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjogqANDA	Banner Ad - Cookie Maker 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq62kDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBjp0NDA	Banner Ad - Breakfast Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0PKkDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXvZ0NDA	Banner Ad - iPad - Burger Drop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3fKkDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjguaANDA	Banner Ad - Cheerleader Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr9umDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZn6UNDA	Banner Ad - Donut Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhJKnDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjV-50NDA	Banner Ad - Pie Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6qmnDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8sqQNDA	Banner Ad - Landscape - Dinosaur Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgqqnDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjaraMNDA	Banner Ad - Cake Maker - Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkY6oDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG_6INDA	Banner Ad - Sundae Maker - Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkZaoDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQqp4NDA	Banner Ad - Cake Maker 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi6qoDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBin0aoODA	Texas Poker Face Game 320 x 50 - Texas Poker Face Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYipKpDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWqqANDA	Banner Ad - Pizza Maker Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0Z2qDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSlp0NDA	Banner Ad - Cookie Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9rSqDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj2zaENDA	Banner Ad - Bride and Groom Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3-iqDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisj6sODA	ipad wallpaper fullscreen - ipad wallpaper wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhImrDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_vK4ODA	13 in 1 320 x 50 - Kid Apps: 13 in 1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgKasDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQrvQIDA	Banner Ad - WeiboXLAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy9qsDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9gasODA	poop banner ad - poop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_vGtDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0sLYODA	Box Battle Lite banner ad - Box Battle Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrZquDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCqqQNDA	Banner Ad - Marshmallow Cookie Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYutauDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiigbYODA	Treasure Hunter banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Treasure Hunter Full
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9ouvDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_oLIODA	Speed Club banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Speed Club
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_oywDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjO4awODA	sfansd;fl banner ad - sfansd;fl
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpZuwDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisj6sODA	ipad wallpaper  Medium ad - ipad wallpaper wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY77ywDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjuvLAODA	Show Brother banner ad - Show Brother
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYncewDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjInbEODA	kjnkjlkj banner ad - kjnkjlkj
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqtmwDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMyuAEDA	Home Screen - MFP-DEV
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhoexDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj2irIODA	coin dozer banner ad - Coin Dozer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpYyxDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikjLEODA	Fii Creator banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - FiiCreator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYramxDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIja4ODA	P&P Tours banner ad - P&P Tours
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7rKxDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjS3bQODA	Who Loves You More banner ad - 320x50 Android - Who Loves You More
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkLqxDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA9LAODA	asdfasdf banner ad - asdfasdf
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYydCxDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjI0LEODA	aasdfasdf banner ad - aasdfasdf
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkNKxDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjyyq0ODA	MagicalLens banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - MagicalLens
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpOmxDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjYzq4ODA	Zombie vs Missile banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Zombie vs Missile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpcCyDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX6rMODA	asfasdf banner ad - asfasdf
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkOuyDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjgw6oODA	blerg banner ad - blerg
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh9GzDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjg-K8ODA	Horo-Scoop - Horo-Scoop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYluGzDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBict7QODA	Timecorder banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Timecorder
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3uGzDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUnbUODA	Box Battle HD banner ad - Box Battle HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtK-0Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizr7QODA	Rookees Template App banner ad - Rookees Template App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr720Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiF5bgODA	Tank 90 320x50 - Tank 90
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgqS1Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiV4bMODA	The Painful Beauty banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - The Painful Beauties
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsKS1Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivpLUODA	Box Battle Pro banner ad - Box Battle Pro
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv7u1Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHlLUODA	Treasure Hunter Lite banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Treasure Hunter Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn8O1Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-3bAODA	Nano World banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Nano World
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo9q1Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBji3bQODA	Zombie vs Missile banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Zombies vs Missiles
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYntu1Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiiz64ODA	asdfsad banner ad - asdfsad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtN-1Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqmbkODA	The cat after deer banner ad - The cat after deer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3vG1Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdq7UODA	Attraction Meter banner ad - 320x50 Android - Attraction Meter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8Ya3Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBie1K8ODA	asdfsdf banner ad - asdfsdf
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhJi4Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjnxbwODA	SampleAndroidApp banner ad - SampleAndroidApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlri5Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVuLkODA	My Attraction Meter banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Attraction-Meter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs7q5Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiF5bgODA	Tank 90 728x90 - Tank 90
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9qO6Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB9r8ODA	ipad poker Medium ad - ipad poker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8pe9Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB9r8ODA	ipad poker fullscreen - ipad poker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4K-9Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8pMAODA	ipad math banner ad - ipad math
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrp6_Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyrbkODA	Festimania banner ad - Festimania Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuNu_Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicz7wODA	pro HDR banner ad - Pro HDR
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi7fBDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC7L0ODA	Banner Ad - Elemites
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuPrCDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8pMAODA	ipad math fullscreen - ipad math
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYytnFDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYwc0ODA	fdfsgdfgsdf banner ad - fdfsgdfgsdf
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYievFDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfpscODA	Baby Piano Lite (Amazon) banner ad - 320x50 Android - Baby Piano Lite (Amazon)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8qXGDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinj9AODA	Run Timer banner ad - Run Timer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4d7GDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3pcwODA	Zetwap banner ad - Zetwap
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmOLGDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9tNAODA	Placch banner ad - Placch
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpcvHDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjiv9AODA	slice it banner ad - Slice It!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoNbHDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_-c0ODA	My Car Salon banner ad - 320x50 Android - My Car Salon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8JLIDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvksgODA	musicpnb.com banner ad - musicpnb.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY57nIDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjtdEODA	corpation banner ad - corpation
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6LnIDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPg9IODA	craftgawker - mpu - craftgawker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-J7JDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_l84ODA	ad utils 2 - cell lover
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5qTJDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiR2swODA	bingdroid banner ad - bingdroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs87JDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	Chinpiramushi - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy9fJDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjK18kODA	Cover Beauty banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Cover Beauty
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1I3KDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAk9AODA	Sanrio Beauty Salon banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Sanrio Beauty Salon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoqLKDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiD3NQODA	453123 banner ad - 453123
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh6TKDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFxcwODA	musicpnb.com banner ad - musicpnb.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi77KDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA-M4ODA	3D Skull Ads - 3D Skull
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpcvKDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtmdAODA	dwellinggawker - mpu - dwellinggawker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYktjKDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	Something something - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsdjKDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjA1cYODA	AATISH MOBILE PORTAL banner ad - AATISH MOBILE PORTAL
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY26nLDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCocYODA	Alphabet Car (Amazon) banner ad - 320x50 Android - Alphabet Car (Amazon)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1MfLDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiS0NAODA	Pretty Pet Salon Amazon banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Pretty Pet Salon Amazon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_P3LDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNusoODA	asdfasdjf banner ad - asdfasdjf
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY07XMDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX65oODA	Banner Ad - Logic
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYssPMDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixw8wODA	Learn jQuery phonegap banner ad - Learn jQuery phonegap
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv-XMDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-5cwODA	Alphabet Car Lite (Amazon) banner ad - 320x50 iPHone - Alphabet Car Lite (Amazon)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8PTMDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhxswODA	My Car Salon (Japanese) banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxLPNDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBie1scODA	My Car Salon (Korean, South African) banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - My Car Salon (Korean, South African)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkPLNDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi40Z0ODA	Interstitial Ad - Scooter Hero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4I_ODgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_l84ODA	cell lover banner ad - cell lover
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY487ODgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	YoukosoKousyuPrizun - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhf_ODgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUw80ODA	Baby Piano (Amazon) banner ad - Baby Piano (Amazon)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY74vPDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHgdIODA	Home Appliances Assistant banner ad - Home Appliances Assistant
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwKPPDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW5Y8ODA	Banner Ad - Sweetapp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-qfPDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBhsYODA	Clickmania banner ad - Clickmania
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-PLPDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjesMsODA	My Pet Pandingo Paid banner ad - 320x50 Android - My Pet Pandingo Paid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnqrQDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjl-MgODA	Pretty Pet Salon HD banner ad - 728x90 iPad - Pretty Pet Salon HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpLDQDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijsNAODA	fdfsgdfgsdf banner ad - fdfsgdfgsdf
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyMzQDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmnPUIDA	 Tic Tac Toe by Ludei banner iPad - Tic Tac Toe by Ludei
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmv7QDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ_tAODA	Geomon banner ad - Geomon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnorRDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiditEODA	testWebAd banner ad - testWebAd
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYucXRDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtmdAODA	dwellinggawker - banner ad - dwellinggawker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkIPSDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPg9IODA	craftgawker - banner ad - craftgawker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy5nSDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	tokyo80s - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrZrSDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRvtkODA	Message Call Filter banner ad - Message Call Filter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7-jTDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBin69cODA	Message Call Filter banner ad - Message Call Filter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxrzUDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ3dsODA	app banner ad - app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-7_UDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI0d0ODA	Yahoo! banner ad - Yahoo!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxenUDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjI4tsODA	AloLebnen banner ad2 - AloLebnen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4IzVDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfmt8ODA	iPhone Banner Ad - T2C GTalk iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9dnVDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiu-NgODA	www.ttcfirm.com banner ad - www.ttcfirm.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgrbWDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7kdIODA	TouCoul banner ad - TouCoul
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy8bWDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjYuNMODA	LBD Mobile banner ad - LBD Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsfnWDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA1toODA	LotteryXpress Powerball banner ad - LotteryXpress Powerball
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3f_WDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjc_9YODA	3D Flash Ads - 3D Flash
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuofXDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiR9dcODA	yahoo banner ad - yahoo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkY7XDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfmt8ODA	iPad Banner Ad - T2C GTalk iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7J3XDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWs9oODA	iPad Banner Ad - T2C Facebook iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlfzXDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjYgNkODA	Sparknotes 320 x 50 - Sparknotes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0LrYDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiko9gODA	3D Earth Ads -  3D Earth
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpMrYDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijytgODA	Yahoo! banner ad - Yahoo!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlunYDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLn9wODA	Yahoo! banner ad - Yahoo!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgPTYDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv_twODA	gears of war banner ad - gears of war
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_PXYDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5q8cODA	SDK banner ad - SDK
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpvbYDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7mNAODA	Banner Ad - Funny Pics!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8aLaDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi49dsODA	P6MathsQuizLite 320 x 50 - P6MathsQuizLite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxoDbDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBid790ODA	TicTactoooooo banner ad - TicTactoooooo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo5HbDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-_9gODA	feyBalls banner ad - feyBalls
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxanbDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiApdoODA	Sparknotes 320 x 50 - No Fear Shakespeare
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrbjbDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqodYODA	Test App banner ad - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtdbbDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjww9cODA	Singles Network Australia banner ad - Singles Network Australia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjdfbDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdgtgODA	SimpleAdsDemo interstitial ad - SimpleAdsDemo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwaPdDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1k98ODA	magic banner ad - magic 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjabdDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSx9oODA	AloLebnen banner ad - AloLebnen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu7DdDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6sN0ODA	SNAphone - Singles Network Australia Apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxtDdDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWs9oODA	iPhone Banner Ad - T2C Facebook iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9NbdDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjA1tgODA	gSoif banner ad - gSoif
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwJzeDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiE6-EODA	Okezone.com banner ad - Okezone.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYibPeDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiP_eAODA	How to Tie a Tie Easily banner ad - How to Tie a Tie Easily
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4cXeDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjgxd4ODA	iPad Banner Ad - T2C Facebook iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9tTeDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiH1tQODA	Escape 3D: The Bathroom banner ad - Escape 3D: The Bathroom
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu9zeDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVsNYODA	Crazy rock banner ad - Crazy Rock
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr8ngDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUhusODA	GSoif banner ad - GSoif
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx9PgDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQ4egODA	mopub.com banner ad - mopub.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpOLgDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiW2-cODA	Pocket Prize banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Pocket Prize
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5Z_hDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjM6uIODA	Fullscreen - Battleship Pro Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv8LhDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSn-cODA	Treasure Hunter banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Treasure Hunter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmOfhDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRwuUODA	    (Pretty Pet Tycoon Korean) banner ad - 320x50 iPhone -     (Pretty Pet Tycoon Korean)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsu3hDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjK1-gODA	   (Dress To Impress) banner ad - 320x50 iPhone -    (Dress To Impress)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqMDiDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWvO4ODA	Thrillist for iPhone Interstitial - Thrillist for iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqtLiDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA1toODA	Past Winners  Banner - LotteryXpress Powerball
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwfriDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp6uIODA	      (Pretty Pet Salon Strategy Guide Korean) banner ad - 320x50 iPhone -       (Pretty Pet Salon Strategy Guide Korean)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn4LjDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6suUODA	 (Glee Garden Korean) banner ad - 320x50 iPhone -  (Glee Garden Korean)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx8vjDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIr-QODA	Treasure Hunter Full banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Treasure Hunter Full
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnNjjDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirquoODA	  (Bubble Juggle Korean) banner ad - 320x50 iPhone -   (Bubble Juggle Korean)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9vXjDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipoOMODA	iPhone Banner Ad - T2C GTalk iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpofkDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH8eAODA	Banner 320x50 - Wallpapers & Backgrounds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwpHkDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiP7eIODA	Example App Ad - Example App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY85nkDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	SANADAgurentai - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9JnkDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiN4-gODA	Treasure Hunter banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Treasure Hunter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxtfkDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj13-sODA	Treasure Hunter banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Treasure Hunter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsM3lDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBir9OUODA	Singles Network Australia banner ad - Singles Network Australia Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7eblDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKi-IODA	Korea Newspapers banner ad - Korea Newspapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_pfmDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi97d8ODA	Super Stickman Golf banner ad - Super Stickman Golf
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYorjmDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	riberonotakeda - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnMPmDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjkdgJDA	iPad Banner Ad - ooVoo Mobile iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy6vnDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjT2OUODA	Horns and Sirens banner ad - Horns and Sirens
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvLPnDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3hOIODA	  (Flash Cards Korean) banner ad - 320x50 iPhone -   (Flash Cards Korean)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn7fnDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	Bakumeshi - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-vXnDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	Ootori - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmb_oDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi23ugODA	Cars Acceleration Sounds banner ad - Cars Acceleration Sounds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2sDoDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	majimakunsuttobasu - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY58boDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmxugODA	GtalkSMS banner ad - GtalkSMS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzLrpDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrwOcODA	Calculate Capacitor - Calculate Capacitor
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo_bpDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBid6-oODA	Eaton Centre banner ad - Eaton Centre
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs4jqDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBic0-sODA	DIGI Clock Widget banner ad - DIGI Clock Widget
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-KzqDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6xrEDDA	iOS Full Screen - HelloWorld
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhbbqDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj2tO4ODA	Wordplay Banner Ads - Wordplay
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7MjqDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjM6uIODA	Battleship Pro Free banner ad - Battleship Pro Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYho3rDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmke0ODA	Thrillist for Android 320 x 50 - Thrillist for Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2p_rDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	themomotaroh - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyLnrDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQ2-4ODA	(Android) Adverts.ie Search Results page - Adverts.ie - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlMLrDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQ4-MODA	Blackjack 7 banner ad - Blackjack 7
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzdLrDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk8u4ODA	Adverts.ie iPhone Search Results - Adverts.ie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkObrDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiP5usODA	iPad Fullscreen - MoPub
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjezrDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPueoODA	  (RoboJump Korean) banner ad - 320x50 iPhone -   (RoboJump Korean)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx_frDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	Gedoubou - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3LPsDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpg-MODA	Recess 320 x 50 Banner - RecessTM
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz7zsDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqiOIODA	Eaton Centre banner ad - Eaton Centre
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjc7sDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxgPIODA	KrishtestApp banner ad - KrishtestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8ersDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBick-QODA	EssaiZ banner ad - EssaiZ
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY--7sDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqnPQODA	testapp banner ad - testapp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy5ntDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk8u4ODA	Adverts.ie iPhone SMI Page - Adverts.ie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsabtDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtre0ODA	Office Zombie banner ad - Office Zombie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuMDtDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj2tO4ODA	Wordplay summary activity banner ad - Wordplay
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqLvuDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU3fIODA	BusMapper London Free banner ad - BusMapper London Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5-ruDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQ2-4ODA	(Android) Adverts SMI - Adverts.ie - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzpfvDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_0vcODA	org.Tipcalculator banner ad - org.Tipcalculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYra_vDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizu_cODA	banneradtestandroid banner ad - banneradtestandroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx6_vDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQ5_EODA	Chinese Hearts 1.2+ banner ad - Chinese Hearts 1.2+
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2b_vDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUxvQODA	Android Test banner ad - Android Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7b_vDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ1_gODA	Show Ads banner ad - Show Ads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY09PvDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidufcODA	Alarm Clock Radio Fullscreen - Alarm Clock Radio 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-OLvDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj34u8ODA	Minesweeper - Game Board Screen - Minesweeper 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1qXwDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTp_oODA	Daft.com Search Results - iPhone - Daft.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1NfwDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUpPQODA	CrazyMaze! Lite banner ad - CrazyMaze! Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxaXxDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUpPQODA	Banner Ad 2 - CrazyMaze! Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkO7xDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmkfMODA	11 banner ad - 11
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzvzxDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6sN0ODA	SNAiPad - Singles Network Australia Apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9pzyDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7t_EODA	Testvdopia.androidAd fullscreen - Testvdopia.androidAd
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5p3yDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjgz_EODA	Across Age DX 320 x 50 - Across Age DX
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm5PzDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiylPcODA	Cover Orange 320 x 50 - Cover Orange
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoa7zDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBil5-gIDA	SimpleAdsDemo interstitial - SimpleAds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_8TzDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBilqvQODA	MangaZoo - MangaZoo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkNHzDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7hPkODA	Tip Calculator banner ad - Tip Calculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-e_zDgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTp_oODA	Daft.com Property Details - iPad - Daft.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY84D0Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ7PIODA	SpeedAlert 320x50 - SpeedAlert Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1Y30Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjlmfUODA	Test iPad App banner ad - Test iPad App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvvP0Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBi-4ODA	Testvdopia.rahul banner ad - Testvdopia.rahul
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn4H1Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiegfUODA	Logan Lorenz banner ad - Logan Lorenz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2pf2Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi90fkODA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlr32Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidufcODA	Alarm Clock Radio 320 x 50 - Alarm Clock Radio 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2dH2Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi54fwODA	Arcade Bowling Free 320 x 50 - Arcade BowlingTM Free - The Classic Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgpb3Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhufEODA	fullsreen fuel page - SpeedAlert MW test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsrv3Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBy_cODA	alAzar Free banner ad - alAzar Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8ND3Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigufcODA	RipDeck Lite banner ad - RipDeck Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp-b3Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj51vcODA	Paper Glider HD banner ad - Paper Glider HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq_H3Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCuvcODA	talkingbird banner ad - talkingbird
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlJT4Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU6PoODA	Mage Princess banner ad - Mage Princess
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhpj4Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixkPgODA	evogene banner ad - evogene
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6df4Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWufgODA	Ultimate Russian Roulette temp - Ultimate Russian Roulette
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt7v5Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhufEODA	SpeedAlert 320x50 - SpeedAlert MW test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0r75Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi32YEPDA	106 & Park (Carrier Version) Fullscreen Ad - 106 & Park (MetroPCS)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgMP5Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd2PEODA	SpeedAlert 320x50 - SpeedAlert iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmtv5Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKj_IODA	Listomania banner ad - Listomania
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk4L6Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKj_IODA	Test 2 - Listomania
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2Yj6Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTp_oODA	Daft.com Property Details - iPhone - Daft.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-5_6Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTp_oODA	Daft.com Search Results - iPad - Daft.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsdL6Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzt4IPDA	i-Magine banner ad - i-Magine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmNb6Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiS9vgODA	Reversi - Reversi
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3sj7Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFtP8ODA	Note Calculator banner ad - Note Calculator Free - Advanced Calculator with Formula Note
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1_D7Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjV7e8NDA	Banner Ad - Internet OnOff Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw-z8Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi1j4MPDA	Fallout Wallpapers banner ad - Fallout Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxuX9Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiS5fsODA	Arcade Bowling Free 320 x 50 - Arcade BowlingTM Free - The Classic Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8IX-Dgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi32YEPDA	106 & Park (Carrier Version) banner ad - 106 & Park (MetroPCS)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYipaADww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtre0ODA	Interstitial - Office Zombie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5dCADww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiW3YEPDA	Spit banner ad - Spit
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6-CADww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQqNwHDA	Fullscreen - Bubbles FREE!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5Y2BDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqjvoODA	mobilmega.rs banner ad - mobilmega.rs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkIKDDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi24oQPDA	Spit banner ad - Spit
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp42DDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimjYMPDA	i-MAGiNE interstitial ad - i-MAGiNE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8o6DDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjlpfoODA	SimplePhysics banner ad - SimplePhysics
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3JODDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd2PEODA	SA_ios_scr2.3.1.3_320x50_bannerlist  - SpeedAlert iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt5iDDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQqNwHDA	Banner - Bubbles FREE!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkpCEDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ7PIODA	SA_A_scr2.1_320x50_Top - SpeedAlert Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY65SEDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhufEODA	Banner Ad 2 - SpeedAlert MW test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrp6EDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvg4MPDA	doubleDrop banner ad - doubleDrop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkZ-EDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjlo4sPDA	Gears banner ad - Gears
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu6CEDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd2PEODA	SA_ios_scr2.3.1.4_320x50_bannerlist  - SpeedAlert iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-a-EDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd2PEODA	SA_ios_scr2.3.1.2_320x50_bannerlist  - SpeedAlert iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjN6EDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd2PEODA	SA_ios_scr6.1_320x50_Top - SpeedAlert iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpeuEDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjf_4APDA	Internet OnOff Free banner ad - Internet OnOff Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyIyFDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMp4gPDA	App banner ad - App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq5qFDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQsIcPDA	iPad online movies banner ad - iPad online movies 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwbOFDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd2PEODA	SA_ios_scr2.1_320x50_Top  - SpeedAlert iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6tqFDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ7PIODA	SA_A_scr5.1_320x50_Top - SpeedAlert Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_OmFDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd2PEODA	SA_ios_scr7.1_320x50_Top - SpeedAlert iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk5-GDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ7PIODA	SA_A_scr2.3.2.4_320x50_bannerlist - SpeedAlert Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvKOGDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjP0oIPDA	Connect4 banner ad - Connect4
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiKeGDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5j48PDA	YGHongTest banner ad - YGHongTest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYusmGDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHqYYPDA	TheJournal.ie Detail - iPhone - TheJournal.ie News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyc-GDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiN5doBDA	Chinese Horoscope banner ad - Fullscreen Android - Chinese Horoscope
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7_OGDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0rIsPDA	SimpleAdsDemo banner ad - SimpleAdsDemo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtf6GDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjsxYsPDA	Space Bubbles new banner ad - Space Bubbles new
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0q6HDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq5ZAPDA	Test App banner ad - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv8WHDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrioYPDA	SA_MW_T2_banner_320x50 - SA MW testmsite2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjNyHDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHqYYPDA	TheJournal.ie River - iPhone - TheJournal.ie News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0OuHDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHqYYPDA	TheJournal.ie River - Pad - TheJournal.ie News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy_CHDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd2PEODA	SA_ios_scr5.1_320x50_Top - SpeedAlert iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt5mIDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5v4gPDA	VoiceRace_BannerAd - Voice Race
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgdqIDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUupMPDA	IM+ 320 x 50 - IM+
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxtqIDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVp5APDA	Finanzas GDF banner2 - Finanzas GDF
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnICJDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBju1JIPDA	Dofus Wallpapers banner ad - Dofus Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6sCJDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqjvoODA	Banner Ad - mobilmega.rs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrM6JDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3lIoPDA	IM+ 320 x 50 - IM+
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7dmJDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd2PEODA	SA_ios_scr3.1_320x50_Top  - SpeedAlert iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYupCKDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd2PEODA	SA_ios_scr4.1_320x50_Top - SpeedAlert iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqLaKDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJqYcPDA	Top 100 Nokia Apps banner ad - Top 100 Nokia Apps
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY276KDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi23ugODA	mobfox - Cars Acceleration Sounds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1M6KDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ7PIODA	SA_A_scr2.3.2.2_320x50_bannerlist - SpeedAlert Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl_aKDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ7PIODA	SA_A_scr7.1_320x50_Top - SpeedAlert Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmPaKDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd2PEODA	SA_ios_scr1.1_320x50_Top - SpeedAlert iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq4GLDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVp5APDA	Finanzas GDF banner ad - Finanzas GDF
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs5OLDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyk4sPDA	BB: Wisdom_Quotes_SDK banner ad - BB: Wisdom_Quotes_SDK
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp7SLDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ7PIODA	SA_A_scr4.1_320x50_Top  - SpeedAlert Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8YGMDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhufEODA	Test MW  320x50 banner1 - SpeedAlert MW test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY04mMDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ7PIODA	SA_A_scr2.3.2.3_320x50_bannerlist - SpeedAlert Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY39-MDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXxo8PDA	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx_6MDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ7PIODA	SA_A_scr3.1_320x50_Top - SpeedAlert Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyP6MDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ7PIODA	SA_A_scr6.1_320x50_Top - SpeedAlert Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY16mNDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBid0pEPDA	IM+ 320 x 50 - IM+
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuPuNDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ7PIODA	SA_A_scr1.1_320x50_top - SpeedAlert Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY95eODww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib35kMDA	Search Results iPhone delete - Daft.ie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYocmODww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd2PEODA	SA_ios_scr2.3.1.1_320x50_bannerlist  - SpeedAlert iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz9GODww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7tIkHDA	Big Big Big 2 1.52 - Big Big Big 2 1.4+
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYofCODww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ7PIODA	SA_A_scr2.3.2.1_320x50_bannerlist - SpeedAlert Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr4qPDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK340PDA	Banner Ad - WordHero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY55GPDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK340PDA	WordHero banner ad - WordHero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh8qPDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6xrEDDA	Newly Created Test - HelloWorld
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwd2PDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjYzq4ODA	Zombie vs Missile banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Zombie vs Missile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYweWPDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpo5APDA	Pandadog defense banner ad - Pandadog defense
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3-ePDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhufEODA	SA_MW_T_banner_640x100_1.2 - SpeedAlert MW test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtOqPDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjs-Y8PDA	Fingers Vs Knife banner ad - Fingers Vs Knife
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgo-QDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHqYYPDA	TheJournal.ie Detail - iPad - TheJournal.ie News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY476QDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicy4oPDA	GDF banner ad - GDF
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkcKQDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVxpEPDA	By2ollak banner ad - By2ollak
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoN6QDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz8ooPDA	latestfun.in banner ad - latestfun.in
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7-iQDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_8JAPDA	Banner Ad - Shave Me! Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5uqQDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNmI8PDA	Chelsea FC Quiz banner ad - Chelsea FC Quiz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoe6QDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjgsY0PDA	Banner Ad - GDF
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp_KQDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBim8pAPDA	Easy Battery Widget banner ad - Easy Battery Widget
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsYORDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjK18kODA	Cover Beauty banner ad - FullScreen iPhone - Cover Beauty
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpY2RDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi08Y0PDA	prueba banner ad - prueba
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo56RDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTh5MPDA	Domo banner ad - Domo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1KKRDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8644PDA	FML banner ad - FML FMyLife
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY46KRDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibqo8PDA	FML banner ad - FML FMyLife
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2aSRDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_lYoPDA	Poderato.com Wallpapers banner ad - Poderato.com Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4LORDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCvocPDA	Gold Price banner ad - Gold Price
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvLuRDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7u5EPDA	LnL - Animals and Transport menu banner ad - LnL - Animals and Transport
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr_eRDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixnbILDA	Test ad unit - Scanner Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY87iSDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjK5ZEPDA	Currency Converter - Forex Currency Rates
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj8KSDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiurI8LDA	IDG TestBanner Ad - Wordpress.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoMaSDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjgsY0PDA	GDF banner ad - GDF
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_PySDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCjY8PDA	speeddate banner ad - SpeedDate: Real Dates in Real-Time
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiaSTDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiGrYwPDA	Shocking Sponges banner ad - Shocking Sponges
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-qaTDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiaopcEDA	test - Eno
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7c2TDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE-JQPDA	afsadfasdfasdfasdf banner ad - afsadfasdfasdfasdf
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7NGTDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCvocPDA	Banner Ad - Gold Price
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9IeUDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjg1Z8PDA	Banner - ALL-IN-1 Bubbles Gamebox
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiMGUDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjK5ZEPDA	Currency Main - Forex Currency Rates
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvOeUDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZ-IsPDA	PH News Lite Leaderboard ad - Philippine News HD Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsIiVDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBju4ZQPDA	asdfasa banner ad - asdfasa
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm5CVDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj53pcPDA	adsfasdf banner ad - adsfasdf
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYup6VDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjK5ZEPDA	Currency Details - Forex Currency Rates
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-9iVDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivsZoPDA	Banner 728x90 - Raindrop Melody
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh-iVDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbtZ8PDA	Banner 728x90 - Optical Illusions & Mind Tricks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4JGWDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjf6JgPDA	Custom Event banner ad - Custom Event
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY48KWDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisk5QPDA	asdf banner ad - asdf
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4smWDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU_JUPDA	Hexxagon - Hexxagon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuPaWDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6xrEDDA	Admeld Test iOS Banner - HelloWorld
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmYeXDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMw40PDA	 banner ad - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_aKXDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPlpQPDA	US Local Weather - US Local Weather Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy6uXDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBja8JUPDA	Mirror FREE banner ad - Mirror FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrdGXDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqppQPDA	Test App banner ad - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsOuXDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjGzpYPDA	Banner - SameGame FREE!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnoKYDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBvp8PDA	Chess Free - Android - Game Board Screen - Chess Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhtOYDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-u5gPDA	War Free - Game Board Screen - War Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1dOYDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiO1ZoPDA	asdfdsaffasdf banner ad - asdfdsaffasdf
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlveYDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjri-oIDA	iPhone Test - Bad Apples
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9KSZDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBrZ0PDA	Cars Revving Sounds banner ad - Cars Revving Sounds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYubiZDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinm5IPDA	Banner Ad - Battle Harvest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5d6ZDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3pY8PDA	Poker Equity Calculator banner ad - Poker Equity Calculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYquOZDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivsZoPDA	Banner 320x50 - Raindrop Melody
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy5WaDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXj5UPDA	pueblos banner ad - Pueblos Espana
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzuiaDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvt5YPDA	asdfadsfasd banner ad - asdfadsfasd
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1feaDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW25kPDA	Chess Free HD - Game Board Screen - Chess Free HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw5WbDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjClZsPDA	Mark3 iPad app banner ad - Mark3 iPad app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0JWbDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5iZgPDA	go banner ad - SmartGo 9x9
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-NabDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijldQDDA	Admeld Test Android Banner - Hello,Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuuCbDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi4sjwM	India News Interstitial - The Times of India
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwJecDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8jJQPDA	asdfasa banner ad - asdfasa
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhMGcDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH8eAODA	Banner 728x90 - Wallpapers & Backgrounds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5ZadDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk-58PDA	Golf Putt Pro Full Screen Ad - Golf Putt Pro
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8Z-dDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi54uwIDA	iPhone Test - Shave Me!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqbWdDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjt6JcPDA	Test App banner ad - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl9CdDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiasZ0PDA	Big Cheese banner ad - Big Cheese
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1qCeDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0zp4PDA	TextNow 320x50 - TextNow - Unlimited Free Texting and Picture Messaging (SMS & MMS)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuKKeDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbtZ8PDA	Banner 320x50 - Optical Illusions & Mind Tricks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6LieDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd7JgPDA	First Shot banner ad - First Shot
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5MCeDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6554PDA	Test App banner ad - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvsaeDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone Chartboost banner - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0dGeDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk-58PDA	Golf Putt Pro banner ad - Golf Putt Pro
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz-CeDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	tigerandbunny - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx_OeDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYktkBDA	Chinese Horoscope  Banner Ad - Fullscreen iPhone - Chinese Horoscope 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyPOeDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5hKUPDA	Voice Actions banner ad - Voice Actions
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgPqeDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC7L0ODA	Test Banner - Elemites
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs66gDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisl6cPDA	Love GMH Lite Medium Rec - Love GMH Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4sygDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEmp8PDA	iwordjuggle banner ad - iWordJuggle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtfegDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_r6UPDA	JeFretCalc iPhone banner ad 320 - JeFretCalc
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4aOhDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjP89gJDA	Interstitial - Thumb Media Group
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq4CiDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj97KIPDA	Buy Gold Guide banner ad - Buy Gold Guide
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkbiiDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone Image - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-r6iDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj97KIPDA	banner 320x50 - Buy Gold Guide
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2-miDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiF9qoPDA	Medium Banner Ad - MoPub Mediation: Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpO6iDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone MoPub Interstitial - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4fCiDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifyasPDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk4KjDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ06IPDA	MoPub Mediation: Android banner ad - MoPub Mediation: Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1NOjDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone HTML Banner - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt4mkDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjri-oIDA	iPhone Test - Bad Apples
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiY-kDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZ56EPDA	vungle banner ad - vungle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvvqkDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiF9qoPDA	MoPub Mediation: Android banner ad - MoPub Mediation: Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_I2lDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikxp4PDA	PingChat! 320x50 - PingChat!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr-imDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtw6EPDA	PingChat 320x50 - PingChat! - The Ultimate Cross-Platform Messenger
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzPimDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone ejam banner - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYup6nDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5nqcPDA	mahjong mountain banner ad - Mahjong Mountain Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuOynDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj51KAPDA	Paddle Bounce (Chn/Papaya version) banner ad - Paddle Bounce (Chn/Papaya version)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4IioDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ06IPDA	MoPub Mediation: Android medium rectangle banner ad - MoPub Mediation: Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY16KoDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii9J4PDA	Dalai Lama Quotes banner ad - Dalai Lama Quotes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjquoDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiS1u8HDA	766x66_Direct - Newser Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjOyoDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_r6UPDA	iPad Banner Ad 728x90 - JeFretCalc
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvfGoDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone Custom Network Banner - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkY2qDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPhone Text and Tile Banner - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz6yqDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOrKoPDA	BigReport Full Screen Landscape - BigReport
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7tKqDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiS1u8HDA	1024x66_Direct - Newser Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYluarDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq-a4PDA	Pretty Pet Juice Empire HD banner ad - 728x90 iPad - Pretty Pet Juice Empire HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3rOsDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4k7UPDA	yadikunto banner ad - yadikunto
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_LisDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3pKkPDA	Bit Stack Interstitial - Bit Stack
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxo-tDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBja4KwPDA	inchking iPhone 320 - iNCHKiNG
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6ZitDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjU3LIPDA	Big Snake banner ad - Big Snake
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrcetDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiy6rcPDA	 banner ad - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0sitDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJg7EPDA	Banner Ad - Main Menu  / Summary Screen - Heads Up w/ Cristiano Ronaldo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvvmtDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiNzqgPDA	asdfasdfasdf banner ad - asdfasdfasdf
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsa2uDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVwrMPDA	Emergency Manager Trial banner ad - Emergency Manager Trial
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-t-uDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiF4rIPDA	icss banner ad - icss
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY86WvDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjgwawPDA	Kpds vocobulary banner ad - Kpds vocobulary
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsuivDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjjpkBDA	Toronto Star Interstitial - Toronto Star Offline Reader
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY37SwDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiww7cPDA	InMobi Japan banner ad - InMobi Japan
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr_exDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA_a0PDA	 banner ad - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9fmxDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBif4L0PDA	Slickdeals Reader Free banner ad - Slickdeals Reader Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmZayDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjl6rcPDA	raulgimenez.com banner ad - raulgimenez.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6tWyDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxnrIPDA	Rage Comics banner ad - Rage Comics
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo-WyDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHg7EPDA	Doodle Sub banner ad - Doodle Sub
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmcmzDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjc73oM	Australia News Interstitial - Australia News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiN-zDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBja4KwPDA	iNCHKiNG iPad 728 - iNCHKiNG
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlca0Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBje-LMPDA	My App banner ad - My App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuO60Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjU3LIPDA	Full  Screen Ad BIG SNAKE - Big Snake
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_vu0Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBis_asPDA	Elf City Online banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Elf City Online
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgcy1Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiasZ0PDA	BIG CHEESE FULLSCREEN - Big Cheese
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxJ23Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBie3K4PDA	Barrett M95 Soundboard banner ad - Barrett M95 Soundboard
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqfS3Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_jq4PDA	SportStream Football 320 x 50 - SportStream Football
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiKW6Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBvMIPDA	Little Big Snake banner ad - Little Big Snake
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYheW6Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi40Z0ODA	Custom Ad - Scooter Hero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnee6Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq_MUPDA	Baltimore Magazine - Banner (320x50 ) - Baltimore Magazine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtu66Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq_MUPDA	Baltimore Magazine - Interrstitial (1024x768 ) - Baltimore Magazine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3pu7Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjVn3QM	Banner Video top - full mobile website
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0Ky7Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9vMUPDA	Hangmaniac banner ad - Hangmaniac
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj7C7Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0x7sPDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4Lu7Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq_MUPDA	Baltimore Magazine - Interrstitial Landscape (1024x768 ) - Baltimore Magazine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzfy7Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3-MYPDA	siwap banner ad - siwap
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjIq8Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq_MUPDA	Banner Ad - Baltimore Magazine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhca8Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjnxbwODA	Banner Ad - SampleAndroidApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkda8Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZ-IsPDA	Leaderboard Ad - Philippine News HD Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxtm8Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd2PEODA	test adunit 4 geo - SpeedAlert iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3Pi8Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0-MEPDA	Affiliate Stash banner ad - Affiliate Stash
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj5W9Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi40Z0ODA	Medium Banner Ad - Scooter Hero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxJm9Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiP58UPDA	Little Snake banner ad - Little Snake
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpZ29Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0zrwPDA	rail maze banner ad_300X250size - Rail Maze
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7MO9Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiumb4PDA	Facefighter 300 x 250 - FaceFighter Ultimate
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9MS9Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi40Z0ODA	Tablet Interstitial Ad - Scooter Hero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtYi-Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjVn3QM	Banner News top - full mobile website
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv4u-Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi1_8EPDA	SHPapp banner ad - SHPapp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqJO-Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq_MUPDA	Baltimore Magazine - Leaderboard - Baltimore Magazine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyJW-Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZisIPDA	Fullscreen ad unit - Nylon Magazine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYspq-Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjVn3QM	Banner IM top - full mobile website
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl6q-Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiOlcUPDA	fullscreen phone banner ad - fullscreen phone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYid2-Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNybYPDA	Little Red Ridding Hood 728x90 - Little Red Ridding Hood
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu9--Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQqNwHDA	Full Screen: Splash - Bubbles FREE!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtJ-_Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjVn3QM	Banner Blog top - full mobile website
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt5-_Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjVn3QM	mrec SRP - full mobile website
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoaa_Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwsr4PDA	bdu banner ad - B.Duck Official Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoPy_Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWrcIPDA	Early bird banner ad_customsize  - Early Bird
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiZ_ADww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8oMIPDA	NFL Trash Talk banner ad - NFL Trash Talk
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhaTADww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi40Z0ODA	Tablet Banner Ad - Scooter Hero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2abADww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrpsUPDA	Banner XML banner ad - Banner XML
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5MPADww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi53r8PDA	Ringtone Remix banner ad - Ringtone Remix - Free Ringtones & Text Tones from your Music
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxP3ADww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizw8EPDA	Ocampo six Great Escape banner ad - Ocampo six Great Escape
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgYfBDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi40Z0ODA	Banner Ad - Scooter Hero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlo3BDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLpcYPDA	i calculate banner ad - i calculate
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_pjBDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjVn3QM	Banner Email top - full mobile website
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9KbBDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBvMIPDA	Full Screen Little Big Snake Ad - Little Big Snake
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwavBDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj98oPDA	GamesPlaza banner ad - GamesPlaza
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnbjBDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqr78PDA	fullscreen phone banner ad - fullscreen phone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk7nBDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9u8MPDA	PeriodiCal banner ad - PeriodiCal
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqb_BDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiov8EPDA	lookout banner ad - lookout
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2orCDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZisIPDA	Nylon Magazine banner ad - Nylon Magazine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmYvCDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAxLwPDA	300x250 - iPhoneRuler
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm_PCDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjVn3QM	Banner Weblinks top - full mobile website
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmIbDDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBja08kPDA	FoodSave banner ad - FoodSave
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0K_DDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXksUPDA	ParaMedia banner ad - ParaMedia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu7rDDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTk8MPDA	high noon interstitial ad_1024X768 - High Noon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqsrDDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjVn3QM	Banner Image top - full mobile website
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkNLDDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjVn3QM	Banner Documents top - full mobile website
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-9_DDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj2_LwPDA	FULL SCREEN LITTLE BIG SNAKE AD - Little Big Snake
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5uDDDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBij470PDA	inmobi banner custom banner ad - inmobi banner custom
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtujDDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiS5rwPDA	Tap zoo interstitial ad_1024X768 - Tap Zoo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq-3DDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAxLwPDA	Middle - iPhoneRuler
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYscnEDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_rpwODA	Fairy Dress up Lite Banner ad - Fairy Princess Dress-Up Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlNHEDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZ-IsPDA	PH News Lite Banner Ad - Philippine News HD Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhZXFDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiElcUPDA	inmobi test less interval banner ad - inmobi test less interval
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxqXFDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijldQDDA	eJam Test - Hello,Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYubHFDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_zsMPDA	inmobi test banner ad - inmobi test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhbTFDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig6sUPDA	Pretty Pet Salon (Korea) banner ad - 320x50 iPhone -     (Pretty Pet Salon KR)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwrTFDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0nMAPDA	test banner web ad - test12
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnczFDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi40Z0ODA	Tablet Skyscraper Ad - Scooter Hero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjNLFDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj2_LwPDA	Little Big Snake banner ad - Little Big Snake
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYteLFDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizw8APDA	Four in a row banner ad_728X90size - Four in a Row 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2eLFDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjV1sQPDA	Pretty Pet Cinema banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Pretty Pet Cinema
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmOnFDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZtsEPDA	Antibride banner ad - Antibride
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpu3FDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZycQPDA	Tie Knots in split color video banner ad - Tie Knots in split color video
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm4vGDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxqscPDA	App2 Banner Ad - Application 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0pDGDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj49cEPDA	FaceFighter Ultimate 300 x 250 - FaceFighter Ultimate
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1Z3GDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiovssPDA	Sudoku - Puzzle Stat Screens - Sudoku 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlKHGDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjVn3QM	Banner Phonenumber top - full mobile website
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk6LGDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxqscPDA	Application 2 banner ad - Application 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3qjGDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE0L4PDA	inmobi bannersize1 banner ad - inmobi bannersize1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp9PGDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfsLoPDA	FoodSave banner ad - FoodSave
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzN3GDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTj8EPDA	World Cup Table Tennis 728 x 90 - World Cup Table TennisTM Free  The Addictive Classic Game in 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu9_GDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi638YPDA	inmobi test2 banner ad - inmobi test2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqsXHDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFr8sPDA	SliceFix banner ad - SliceFix
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0tDHDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjXptgPDA	New bottom banner Angry Pigs - Angry Pigs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9YPIDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8ocsPDA	DC - PopUp banner ad - Diamond Crusher
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpqjIDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0nMAPDA	Banner Ad - test12
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9anIDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicwM0PDA	SliceFix banner ad - SliceFix
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk8LIDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijhtYPDA	Best Barcelona Live Wallpaper banner ad - Best Barcelona Live Wallpaper
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy8rIDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKysgPDA	Leaderboard - ALL-IN-1 Bubbles Gamebox HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgPPIDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJg7EPDA	In-Game - Heads Up w/ Cristiano Ronaldo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjpXJDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG97oPDA	Banner XML banner ad - Banner XML
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY653JDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq_MUPDA	Fullscreen Portrait - Baltimore Magazine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYya_JDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZ-IsPDA	PH HD Lite Banner Add - Philippine News HD Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_6_JDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7hc8PDA	SS2 banner iPhone juego - Slide Soccer 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk6nKDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAi9gPDA	Solitaire 6 banner ad - Solitaire 6
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1PrKDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6g8gPDA	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1frKDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5-tYPDA	MobupAds banner ad - MobupAds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhpvLDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiP6ssPDA	cool weather banner ad - cool weather
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn6fLDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq_MUPDA	Fullscreen - Landscape - Baltimore Magazine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzOjLDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjihMgPDA	Jeux.com Home - Jeux.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1O_LDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi90fkODA	Medium banner - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsvvLDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihiMgPDA	Banner - Android Mediation Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3Y7MDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjN2cgPDA	Angry Birds banner ad - Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvZvMDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiduc8PDA	Bubbles of Math banner ad - Bubbles of Math
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjLvMDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz7MMPDA	Sudoku HD  - Puzzle Stat Screens - Sudoku HD 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm_LMDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiP58UPDA	Little Snake full screen ad - Little Snake
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYovPMDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA7ckPDA	Shappy! banner ad - Shappy!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo8rNDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjXptgPDA	Angry Pigs Fullscreen Ad - Angry Pigs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9ZXODww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0lc4PDA	Move it! - Puzzle Stat Screens - Move it!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8ZfODww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_rpwODA	Fairy Dress up Lite Banner ad - Fairy Princess Dress-Up Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuffODww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix_MoPDA	Cucurigu banner ad - Cucurigu
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY17zPDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBilq80PDA	hb3 banner ad - hb3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2dDQDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjXptgPDA	Angry Pigs banner ad - Angry Pigs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhN7RDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi32tcPDA	Banner Ad fullscreen - Angry Pigs.
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuY3SDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJg7EPDA	Mode Selection - Heads Up w/ Cristiano Ronaldo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgMfTDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7hc8PDA	SS2 interstitial iPhone - Slide Soccer 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtp3UDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk6sgPDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4OTUDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJg7EPDA	Options Ad - Heads Up w/ Cristiano Ronaldo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz6PVDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBntcPDA	ecostream banner ad - ecostream
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq-fVDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigz8kPDA	Battle Harvest banner ad - Battle Harvest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtJfWDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJg7EPDA	Pause Button - Home Button - Heads Up w/ Cristiano Ronaldo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsqLWDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW4NgPDA	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlIPXDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7hc8PDA	SS2 banner iPad - Slide Soccer 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYppPXDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5oM4PDA	Jeux.com Home - Jeux.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-LHXDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirkckPDA	Photo Field Guide banner ad - Photo Field Guide
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhLbYDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj2mOcPDA	UP1 banner ad - UP1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt5TZDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi32tcPDA	Angry Pigs. banner ad - Angry Pigs.
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY65vZDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimv9gPDA	Columbus - The App - Columbus - The App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9f3ZDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJqeQPDA	inter - kids learning 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpOTeDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7w9gPDA	klkplayer banner ad - klkplayer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi6rgDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhkeUPDA	Flash Free banner ad - Flash Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl9fgDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_yuYPDA	toy balls! banner ad - Toy Balls!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkuPhDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLl94PDA	Warcraft free WP banner ad - Warcraft free WP
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7NPjDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU49YPDA	KLK Music banner ad - KLK Music
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpZXkDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi2uOUPDA	FettSpielen homepage 2 - FettSpielen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyqnkDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJqeQPDA	kids learning 2 banner ad - kids learning 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3YnlDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjcieUPDA	Files banner ad - Files
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY54bmDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	iPad - Splash - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3OPmDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi2uOUPDA	FettSpielen homepage - FettSpielen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxoLnDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJ2-YPDA	baidu banner ad - baidu
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx6nnDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiss-QPDA	test iphone banner ad - test iphone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvLDnDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1yuYPDA	Dream Journal Demo banner ad - Dream Journal Demo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnNLnDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjn6OUPDA	Checkers Free - Android - Game Board Screen - Checkers Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY08_uDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixnbILDA	Android Market (3.3+) - Scanner Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn-7uDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiykb8NDA	 - android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrajvDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisqO8PDA	MiniClipTest banner ad - MiniClipTest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1LfvDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip1_QPDA	E-Mail Finder banner ad - E-Mail Finder
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq5rwDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBih_PQPDA	AdTest banner ad - AdTest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm4_xDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSofgPDA	Know Your Answe In Farigo banner ad - Know Your Answe In Farigo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrKfxDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixnbILDA	Amazon App Store (3.3+) - Scanner Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv6_xDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijh_QPDA	ServiceTime banner ad - ServiceTime
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_dzxDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxnPQPDA	okezone.com banner ad - okezone.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2I3yDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	TIGER & BUNNY - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6JLyDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxkvAPDA	Awesome Spray Paint banner ad - Awesome Spray Paint
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9afyDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLwO8PDA	Finger Drums Android banner ad - Finger Drums Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY97ryDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCkfAPDA	Kids Give Me Hope Medium Rec - Kids Give Me Hope
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4ObyDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm4PQPDA	JoJoFashionShow2 banner ad 1 - JoJoFashionShow2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj8HzDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjw0_sPDA	Four in a Row Free - Android - Game Board Screen - Four in a Row Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8czzDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjwzPMPDA	Guitar! Full Screen Ad - Guitar!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgM3zDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjClZsPDA	full screen thingie - Mark3 iPad app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYldTzDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC6O8PDA	Lose Weight Android banner ad - Lose Weight Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5u3zDww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVh_YPDA	Edutube banner ad - Edutube
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYns30Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZisIPDA	Playtex Ad - Nylon Magazine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrc30Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOsvUPDA	Elain test app banner ad - Elain test app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2YT1Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBielPUPDA	Tic Tac Toe Free - Android - Game Board Screen - Tic Tac Toe Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl931Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKysgPDA	Medium - ALL-IN-1 Bubbles Gamebox HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxd71Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq1PYPDA	mm banner ad - mm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjv31Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8hvgPDA	ToyBalls banner ad - Toy Balls!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg7v2Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitsfQPDA	F0Chat banner ad - F0Chat
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhZ33Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBih1fQPDA	Crack the Code - Android - Game Board Screen - Crack the Code Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxav3Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqpfEPDA	Geomon Basic Banner Ad - Geomon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqMT3Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixnbILDA	Generic (3.3+) - Scanner Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYour3Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvrO8PDA	word interstitialAd_320X480 - Words With Friends Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpvL3Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBil8vcPDA	Crowd Dispersal Gizmo banner ad - Crowd Dispersal Gizmo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxP_3Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBianvgPDA	Lamborghini WP Free banner ad - Lamborghini WP Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmZ74Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp2fkPDA	MeeTicket banner ad - MeeTicket
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzK34Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLrfgPDA	StickCircket banner ad - Stick Cricket
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4L74Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJg7EPDA	Full Screen - Heads Up w/ Cristiano Ronaldo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6sH4Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpwfgPDA	Hangman Free - Android - Game Board Screen - Hangman Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxK35Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjClZsPDA	Banner Ad - Mark3 iPad app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvMz5Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiEwfAPDA	Bongos for Android banner ad - Bongos for Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1dz5Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjU3PkPDA	multisearch banner ad - MultiSearch
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiJL6Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirkckPDA	admob - Photo Field Guide
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjJ_6Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLnPMPDA	Android Says  - I Dare You
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqMf6Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjY8_MPDA	ToyBalls banner ad - Toy Balls!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlb_7Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii5fsPDA	puzzle car banner ad - puzzle car
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3dr7Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiEwfAPDA	Full Screen Ad - Bongos for Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7fv7Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjs-_sPDA	checkpoints banner ad - CheckPoints
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhMH8Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik4IEQDA	Ultimate Control banner ad - Ultimate Control
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtej8Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjY3v8PDA	SixBillionSecrets Lit Medium Rec - SixBillionSecrets Lit
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYydT9Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA1vcPDA	Default - fileman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzZj_Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVp5APDA	Banner GDF - Finanzas GDF
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_qH_Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTh4oQDA	MEGASTUNT Mayhem - MEGASTUNT Mayhem
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz_f_Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjO9_8PDA	shsdfgh banner ad - shsdfgh
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz___Dww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd2PEODA	Banner Ad 2 find code - SpeedAlert iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtZ2AEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6qYEQDA	smod forever bottom banner pre-34 - smod forever
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxsOAEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBin4vgPDA	Taiko Drums for Android banner ad - Taiko Drums for Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuamBEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjri-oIDA	Test - Bad Apples
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8qmBEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBieuIQQDA	BuzzFeed 320 x 50 - BuzzFeed
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY09CBEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7hIgQDA	Noodle Poodle banner ad - Noodle Poodle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsueBEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi1nIAQDA	La Teatru banner ad - La Teatru
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt4KCEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixy4sQDA	Picked-Off Manager banner ad - Picked-Off Manager
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkc2CEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4_oEQDA	FootstepsBlueprint banner ad - FootstepsBlueprint
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjN2CEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj97P0PDA	Bus Traveller banner ad - Bus Traveller
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjO2CEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZqP8PDA	PC Solutions PR banner ad - PC Solutions PR
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxJODEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj08_0PDA	Banner Ad - http://besttop.mobi
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2JODEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiW24MNDA	Mediamind Test Unit - Mobile Web App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY57yDEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiw5YAQDA	Pizza Picasso Pro banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Pizza Picasso Pro
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo-GDEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJkYEQDA	FootstepsBlueprint banner ad - FootstepsBlueprint
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY246HEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj08_0PDA	http://besttop.mobi banner ad - http://besttop.mobi
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5JmHEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimw4EQDA	Zombies Inc. banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Zombies Inc.
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6vOIEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXnY0QDA	finger.cn MAIN - Grab me if you can (CN/Papaya)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpfiJEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKysgPDA	Medium - ALL-IN-1 Bubbles Gamebox HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY04SNEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijqIcQDA	JCi Picture Paint banner ad - JCi Picture Paint
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuYKOEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXnY0QDA	finger.cn MORE - Grab me if you can (CN/Papaya)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-5GOEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA1vcPDA	Live Banner Ads - fileman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYncqQEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQxcQFDA	banner 300x250 ipad - Sporcle Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2oiREAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXnY0QDA	finger.cn leaderboards page - Grab me if you can (CN/Papaya)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjKiREAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7kIoQDA	hb4 banner ad - hb4
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnaiREAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQxcQFDA	banner 320x50 ipad - Sporcle Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtoWSEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQxcQFDA	banner 728x90 ipad - Sporcle Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuZyTEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj51KAPDA	pingpong.cn PAUSEDDD page ad - Paddle Bounce (Chn/Papaya version)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs4aUEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQxcQFDA	fullscreen iPhone portrait - Sporcle Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY45iUEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7kIoQDA	hb4 320 - hb4
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq7CUEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibrZUQDA	SpaceRocket first banner ad - SpaceRocket
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp8KVEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjX7JkQDA	myapp banner ad - myapp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3uqVEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipvJoQDA	Banner - Banner
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0PKVEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjwvJ8QDA	crowdpop banner ad - crowdpop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxNeWEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1yuYPDA	Banner Ad - Dream Journal Demo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzY2XEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv9pYQDA	Xanapp banner ad - Xanapp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoq-XEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9tosDDA	pingpong MAIN - ~Paddle Bounce~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_b6XEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv3J0QDA	Drum 80s Kits banner ad - Drum 80s Kits
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYssOXEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRxZkQDA	Yaakhi.com - Yaakhi.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8eaXEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj51KAPDA	pingpong.cn PAUSE page ad - Paddle Bounce (Chn/Papaya version)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkumXEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjS-p4QDA	BattleScribe Mobile Footer - BattleScribe Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-puYEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizmpsQDA	 HD  banner ad -  HD 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0aOYEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjD8tYGDA	shuriken MORE page ad - Flick Ninja
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrZ2aEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7q50QDA	wap.toing.com banner ad - wap.toing.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1Z2aEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9tosDDA	pingpong MORE page ad - ~Paddle Bounce~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_qSaEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9pJoQDA	Wp Test banner ad - Wp Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpcSaEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj_JwQDA	6-dice Yahtzee banner ad - 6-dice Yahtzee
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2tCaEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU25kQDA	ddd banner ad - ddd
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh92aEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9tosDDA	pingpong PAUSE - ~Paddle Bounce~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgdGbEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8zI8DDA	droidstick.click MORE page ad - ~World Fastest Clicker~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjtGbEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7kIoQDA	hb4 full - hb4
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhdWbEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiE1ZsQDA	Video Games Ringtones banner ad - Video Games Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6J2cEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjyaUQDA	AutSpot banner ad - AutSpot
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj-qcEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBim5pgQDA	House qotes banner ad - House qotes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY67GdEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjyoKMQDA	Leaderboard - iPad: ALL-IN-1 Bubbles Gamebox HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5eqdEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBje9p4QDA	Tube Traveller - Android banner ad - Tube Traveller - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7ZGeEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjskZ4QDA	Loto PR banner ad - Loto PR
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY662eEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjyoKMQDA	Medium Main Menu - iPad: ALL-IN-1 Bubbles Gamebox HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYguWeEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW2p8QDA	Fullscreen - iPhone: Bubbles FREE!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsJWfEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBgLUIDA	Banner Ad2 - weibotong
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnPCfEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm4PQPDA	Test Banner 2 - JoJoFashionShow2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwb6gEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip2qoQDA	iWasteDisposer banner ad - iWasteDisposer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsMWgEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMqKYQDA	Bored.com 320 x 50 - Bored.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-c6gEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9_KkQDA	Nat Test App banner ad - Nat Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7d6gEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG_KAQDA	Banner Ad - Vroom
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhO-gEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjc4qsQDA	We Rule Deluxe 320 x 50 - We Rule Deluxe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpIGhEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijgaEQDA	Fullscreen Banner Ad - Gravity Guy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwJWhEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib0qkQDA	Top Girl - MG - Scrolling - XP 05 - Top Girl Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpsShEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib0qkQDA	Top Girl - MG - Scrolling - XP 01 - Top Girl Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYudihEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iOS mopub://custom Banner - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7ICiEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIxqoQDA	Penalty Kick banner ad - Penalty Kick - iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_4SiEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj2rqYQDA	Football Tapp! banner ad - Football Tapp!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1paiEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii-KgQDA	Zombie Universe - ROG - Interstitials B - Zombie Universe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxKCiEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIoKcQDA	UK Weather banner ad - UK Weather
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxt6iEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj62qgQDA	Banner Ad - iWasteDisposer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzvyiEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMg6sQDA	Guitar For Android banner ad - Guitar For Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1fyiEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiF3KMQDA	Full Screen Ad - Rock Guitar!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtZGjEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG7Z4QDA	Chess Time banner ad - Chess Time
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0ZWjEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrs6MFDA	Fullscreen Ad - Spray Can
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjJejEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG7Z4QDA	Banner Ad Tablet - Chess Time
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-aujEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjwo6MQDA	missing word banner - Missing Word
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpKyjEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibs-QCDA	dsg2 MORE - ~Load Pencil Lead~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4MqjEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-nKgQDA	iOS_Backgammon_1024x768 - Backgammon Gold
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2NWjEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib0qkQDA	Top Girl - MG - Scrolling - XP 02 - Top Girl Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy_SjEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib0qkQDA	Top Girl - Prestitial - Full Screen Interstitial - LIVE - Top Girl Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvvajEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW2p8QDA	Banner - iPhone: Bubbles FREE!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7vejEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjcnaIQDA	Banner Ad - GDF 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsYOkEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjK8KkQDA	Dhingana 320x50 - Hindi Songs + Bollywood Music Radios Dhingana Music (free)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgI2kEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjroqsQDA	Smartphone Fullscreen Banner Ad - Reverse It!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4KekEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinpKUQDA	Test App 1 banner ad - Test App 1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3sikEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii-KgQDA	Zombie Universe - MG - Scrolling - XP 03 - Zombie Universe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhcukEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBir_PgCDA	stomp MAIN - ~Dynamite Defuse~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr86kEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiuzqQQDA	Test App 1 banner ad - Test App 1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1M6kEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiGhaoQDA	minute morsel banner - Minute Morsel
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3NikEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjroqsQDA	Android_Reverse it!_320x50 - Reverse It!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtu-kEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-nKgQDA	iOS_Backgammon_320x50 - Backgammon Gold
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhPOkEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiD86QQDA	Opening Ad - Lose Weight Hypnosis
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2vWkEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPad Promo Image Interstitial - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi7ClEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib0qkQDA	Top Girl - Work No Refill - Full Screen Interstitial - LIVE - Top Girl Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqLulEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijgaEQDA	Gameplay banner ad - Gravity Guy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1tilEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDi7IQDA	Paper Toss - 320 x 50 - Paper Toss
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqdylEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjwo6MQDA	missing word leaderboard - Missing Word
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYouClEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjroqsQDA	Tablet Fullscreen banner Ad - Reverse It!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0uOlEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-nKgQDA	iOS_Backgammon_728x90 - Backgammon Gold
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw-elEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijgaEQDA	JumpTap Banner - Gravity Guy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkfalEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8i6cQDA	$ 1000 Wal-Mart Gift Card banner ad - $ 1000 Wal-Mart Gift Card
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYttWmEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidwLUQDA	BestAppsForAndroid_Banner - Best Apps For Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4NamEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiasZ0PDA	320x460 portrait - Big Cheese
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYneCmEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiGhaoQDA	minute morsel leaderboard - Minute Morsel
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5Y6nEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii-KgQDA	Zombie Universe - MG - Scrolling - XP 02 - Zombie Universe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyJqnEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBir_PgCDA	stomp MORE - ~Dynamite Defuse~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpp6nEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixnbILDA	Android Market, 3.3+, 300x250 - Scanner Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYosynEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiljawQDA	full - GDF 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqeynEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii-KgQDA	Zombie Universe - MG - Scrolling - XP 01 - Zombie Universe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz-6nEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrs6MFDA	iPad Banner Ad - Spray Can
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv4aoEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj87qAQDA	angry birds banner ad - angry birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxpOoEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNhKMQDA	word ladder banner - Word Ladder
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoJaoEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib0qkQDA	Top Girl - MG - Scrolling - XP 03 - Top Girl Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_MioEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiW_KkQDA	Lamasatech Ad - Lamasatech
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-NCoEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiljawQDA	Banner GDF - GDF 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx-ioEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijlKUQDA	Interstitial - GDF FINANZAS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlemoEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFw6MQDA	Mathelper banner ad - Mathelper
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs-moEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjwo6MQDA	missing word leaderboard - Missing Word
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_PmoEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiO2OsCDA	finger MORE - ~Grab me if you can~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9_uoEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjsxqoQDA	uktop40.site90.com banner ad - uktop40.site90.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj4upEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3pKkPDA	Banner Ad - Bit Stack
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1qapEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi546cQDA	iMapMyRUN 320 x 50 - iMapMyRUN - Running, Run, Jogging, Training, GPS, Fitness, Workout, Diet, Calories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0bapEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRtaIQDA	Test banner ad - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_LepEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi30qgQDA	mixed word leaderboard - Mixed Word
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0c2pEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi986IQDA	NYT Feed banner ad - NYT Feed
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-tepEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibs-QCDA	dsg2 MAIN - ~Load Pencil Lead~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3tqpEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivkOAJDA	review banner 320X50 - Shoutem - Tasting Pass Finder
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6d6pEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiO2OsCDA	finger MAIN - ~Grab me if you can~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7I-qEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii-KgQDA	Zombie Universe - MG - Scrolling - XP 04 - Zombie Universe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgJaqEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi30qgQDA	mixed word banner - Mixed Word
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq5-qEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9_KkQDA	300x250 - Nat Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6-aqEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib0qkQDA	Top Girl - MG - Scrolling - XP 04 - Top Girl Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8_GqEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJjKoQDA	GDF BANNER  - GDF 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgKGrEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBje0qUQDA	GDF FINANZAS - GDF FINANZAS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5LmrEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNhKMQDA	word ladder leaderboard - Word Ladder
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7t-rEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjt36sQDA	Dash of Color 320x50 - Dash of Color FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnuGrEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJj6oQDA	wapboy.in banner ad - wapboy.in
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3uGrEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijlKUQDA	Banner GDF - GDF FINANZAS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp-erEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDr6kQDA	diomobi banner ad - diomobi
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo_urEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiV86QQDA	Golf Compass banner ad - Golf Compass
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY75ysEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiljawQDA	GDF banner  - GDF 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhqOsEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdx_QHDA	Stick Cricket - global banner - Stick Cricket iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5qOsEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj2660QDA	Angry Photo Shoot banner ad - Angry Photo Shoot
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhNSsEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQvawQDA	People of Walmart banner ad - People of Walmart
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9vqsEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii-KgQDA	Zombie Universe - Settings - Banners - Zombie Universe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-PusEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZy6gQDA	Tic Tac Toe by Ludei iPad B - Tic Tac Toe by Ludei iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx6WtEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrs6MFDA	Custom Ad - Spray Can
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgKutEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii-KgQDA	Zombie Universe - MG - Scrolling - XP 05 - Zombie Universe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYssutEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjroqsQDA	Android_Reverse it!_300x250 - Reverse It!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYheytEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-i7IQDA	Glam.com banner ad - Glam.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYovytEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiG4boQDA	Today's me banner ad - JP3 - Today's Me com.adcall.TodaysMe Today's Me
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqoauEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW6b0QDA	Eye Kebab banner ad - Eye Kebab
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY86iuEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLuK4QDA	Cigar Unlimited Lite Full ad - Cigar Unlimited Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY59GuEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq6fcCDA	dsg MAIN - ~Slide Pencil Lead~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp9SuEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj98oPDA	GamesPlaza ROS - GamesPlaza
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8NuuEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivkOAJDA	Beringer - Shoutem - Tasting Pass Finder
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlOiuEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjuyLUQDA	Thundersword Across the Sky Interstitial - Thundersword Across the Sky
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY75evEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG8_oCDA	Manga Kingdom Web Site 2 - Manga Kingdom Web Site
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqKyvEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrs6MFDA	300x250 - Spray Can
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh86vEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiDjLAQDA	MobileWeb Test banner ad - MobileWeb Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2f6vEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDuK0QDA	Cigar Unlimited Lite Custom - Cigar Unlimited Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3pmwEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifi7IQDA	EVICT.COM banner ad - EVICT.COM
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn7iwEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijgaEQDA	Millenial Banner Ad - Gravity Guy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhd-wEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijgaEQDA	Gravity Guy Fullscreen - Gravity Guy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4pixEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjS5LQQDA	kaomoji banner ad - JP4 - Kaomoji com.uhopro.KaomojiDictionary  aa 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5pixEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjM_7MQDA	VDM banner ad - VDM
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwOKxEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBippsEQDA	Vajewel banner ad - Vajewel
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-fyxEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjo-bIQDA	Amazon 320x50 - IMDb Movies & TV
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh_6xEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG8_oCDA	Manga Kingdom Web Site 4 - Manga Kingdom Web Site
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg9GyEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_ibAQDA	Philippine Directory banner ad - Philippine Directory
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu4WzEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYv8AQDA	SIgnReminder banner ad - SIgnReminder
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3oezEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj-KwQDA	Cigar Unlimited full page ad - Cigar Unlimited
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4pWzEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiclLsQDA	Talking Pumpkin Pal banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Talking Pumpkin Pal
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm5izEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjL8KwQDA	maggiemyslinska.com banner ad - maggiemyslinska.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8p-zEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxn7MQDA	Retro Camera banner ad - Retro Camera Plus
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi96zEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK3rMQDA	Paper Toss - 320 x 50 - Paper Toss
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlfqzEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQsr0QDA	Oriental Sleep banner ad - Oriental Sleep
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9oK0EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix_8AQDA	Hair Plucker Banner Ad - Hair Plucker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_Je0EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBilir0QDA	Stress Check - 320 x 50 - Stress Check by Azumio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY15i0EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiaopcEDA	Interstitial Ad - Eno
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuZq0EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI3LMQDA	Pixel Mall banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Pixel Mall
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwKO0EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJvPwCDA	pb2 MAIN - ~Paddle Bounce G~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6La0EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjntrQQDA	Ad Unit #1 - Grimey
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrrq0EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidl7MQDA	Dapisoft Test(Cup) banner ad - Dapisoft Test(Cup)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr9y0EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiaprQQDA	Cat's memo banner ad - JP4 - Cat'sMemo com.uhopro.nekomemo 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlOO0EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiS5rgQDA	Banner Ad - Angry Photo Shoot
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8oO1EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG8_oCDA	Manga Kingdom Web Site 3 - Manga Kingdom Web Site
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpYu1EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVxbQQDA	Glockenspiel Android banner ad - Glockenspiel Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6am1EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZk7AQDA	IMDb 320x50 - IMDb Movies & TV
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt6-1EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjyoKMQDA	Medium - iPad: ALL-IN-1 Bubbles Gamebox HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn763EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjM_7MQDA	Interstitial Ad - VDM
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-JK4EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSqrMQDA	ShimSham banner ad - ShimSham
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtp64EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_1rwQDA	Stop Smoking Android banner ad - Stop Smoking Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuIK5EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixva4QDA	Save The Pigs banner ad - Save The Pigs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzZO5EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJvPwCDA	pb2 MORE - ~Paddle Bounce G~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY49y5EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtrkQDA	MunduTV banner ad - MunduTV
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-_O5EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVg64QDA	Fun Torch 2.0 banner ad - Fun Torch 2.0
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlMK6EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq6fcCDA	dsg MORE - ~Slide Pencil Lead~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYguO6EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirkckPDA	Banner Ad - Photo Field Guide
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqfK6EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBighrwQDA	Restart Game Ad - Thundersword Across the Sky
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoea7EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRlLUQDA	Banner ad - O2 Music
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq4a8EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBurgQDA	Dyptic Frames Free iPhone Banner Ad - Dyptic Frames Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr4-8EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiy8r0QDA	F1 Quotes banner ad - F1 Quotes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgJC8EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjyoKMQDA	Fullscreen - iPad: ALL-IN-1 Bubbles Gamebox HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8JS8EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig3rsQDA	Pandit banner ad - Pandit
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrcC8EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm5bUQDA	Beware of Dog banner ad - Beware of Dog
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYodS8EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjA2b8QDA	Cigar Unlimited Lite banner ad - Cigar Unlimited Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzOe8EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjr-MIQDA	Vajewel banner ad - Quartz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgoS9EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitrLMQDA	Crazy Eye banner ad - Crazy Eye
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqo-9EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjprb0QDA	siwap2 banner ad - siwap2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0Me9EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_l68QDA	VIP banner ad - JP1 - VIP  (Bookmark app)  com.appclub.VipComedy www
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhs-9EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtiswQDA	DJSiran.FM Tamil FM App banner ad - DJSiran.FM Tamil FM App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsae-EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9_LcQDA	Veggie Guillotine banner ad - Veggie Guillotine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY46i-EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBia670QDA	Full Screen Ad Finger Drums - Finger Drums
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxL--EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDv74QDA	Front header banner ad - Thermometer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvpu_EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCpboQDA	Cigar Unlimited Lite banner ad - Cigar Unlimited Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsdG_EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix-rwQDA	Thundersword Across the Sky Interstitial - Thundersword Across the Sky
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl9m_EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBurgQDA	Banner Ad iPhone - Dyptic Frames Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3fa_EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBignIsDDA	whoa MORE - ~Balance the Bomb~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY74PAEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE4bkQDA	Advocate News banner ad - Advocate News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYipPAEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBim7b8QDA	SportStream Football banner ad - SportStream Football
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYobzAEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBilq80PDA	300_250 - hb3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY48LAEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjprb0QDA	Banner Ad - siwap2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjMjAEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj98oPDA	Homepage 2 - GamesPlaza
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzs_AEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjr77QQDA	JumpTapTestBanner - JumpTapTest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiobBEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiaopcEDA	BrightRoll - Eno
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg57BEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_1rwQDA	Full Screen Ad - Stop Smoking Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoOXBEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi1w8QQDA	Crash Pollito iPad - Pre-Play - Fullscreen - Crash Pollito
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlJbCEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBignIsDDA	whoa MAIN - ~Balance the Bomb~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj-HCEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq_MUPDA	Here TV - Baltimore Magazine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo-HCEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZisIPDA	Network Ad - Nylon Magazine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0obDEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisx74QDA	Crazy AirHorn2 banner ad - Crazy AirHorn2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY98fDEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTnMIQDA	swapz banner ad - swapz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmYHEEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj1csQDA	appzilla 2 banner ad - AppZilla 2 - 100 in 1!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0oTEEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQyb4QDA	Angad Hacks  - Angad Hacks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlK_EEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA7ckPDA	Shappy: LBD Promo - Shappy!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvrLEEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJvPwCDA	pb2 PAUSED - ~Paddle Bounce G~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgbXEEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBilq80PDA	full - hb3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtsPEEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi1w8QQDA	Crash Pollito iPhone - Pre-Play - Interstitial - Crash Pollito
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY59jEEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-k8gQDA	Anti Jokes banner ad - Anti Jokes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0cHFEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj18MQDA	QuizMe banner ad - QuizMe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhf3FEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi74s8QDA	Newton's cradle banner ad - Newton's cradle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzYTHEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBignIsDDA	whoa PAUSED - ~Balance the Bomb~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrYrHEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiGlrsQDA	shoo banner ad - SHOOTER - THE OFFICIAL MOVIE GAME
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzqfHEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBif38kQDA	TSpoon banner ad - TSpoon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3t_HEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi74s8QDA	Tablet custom ad - Newton's cradle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6d_HEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjv09EQDA	Pretty Pet Salon Spooky Party banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Pretty Pet Salon Spooky Party
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwK7KEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi74s8QDA	Interstitial Ad - Newton's cradle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_7bLEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipr8QQDA	c2b.JOAMagazine banner ad - c2b.JOAMagazine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhJHMEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjsodIQDA	androgirls banner ad - androgirls
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnJ7NEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPts8QDA	Five Card Draw banner ad - Five Card Draw
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwZvOEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihvtgQDA	asdf banner ad - asdf
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmdTOEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOrKoPDA	Big Report Portrait Full Scren - BigReport
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2f7OEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq_dEQDA	Run Like Hell! - 320 x 50 - Run Like Hell!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY44DPEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC6O8PDA	Full Screen Ad - Lose Weight Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6rPPEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi74s8QDA	Tablet interstitial ad - Newton's cradle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY98_PEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBurgQDA	Banner Ad iPad - Dyptic Frames Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6uzPEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCp9oQDA	AutoTrader.com - 320 x 50 - AutoTrader.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7LLQEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_4tkQDA	irodeo banner ad - iRodeo - Crazy Bull Riding
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9ZXREAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi74s8QDA	Custom Ad - Newton's cradle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm6jREAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm-dIQDA	JS Reference Manual banner ad - JS Reference Manual
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqLTREAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBia89MQDA	Ichiruki.info banner ad - Ichiruki.info
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu7TREAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi74s8QDA	Tablet banner ad - Newton's cradle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw9PREAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi74s8QDA	Tablet skyscrapper ad - Newton's cradle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4rTSEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3x98QDA	anu banner ad - anu
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYycPTEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipteUQDA	Toilet Paper Pull banner ad - Toilet Paper Pull
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9MPTEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQ2uEQDA	Halloween Memory banner ad - Halloween Memory
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwc7TEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiw2dIQDA	BatteryInfo banner ad - BatteryInfo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5vfUEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi74s8QDA	Medium Ad - Newton's cradle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0uPWEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFgtcQDA	Monster Mouth DDS banner ad - Monster Mouth DDS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuIzXEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiH-dwQDA	Simply Solitaire HD banner ad - Simply Solitaire HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnJ3XEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBurgQDA	Interstitial Ad iPad - Dyptic Frames Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnZ3XEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8wuMQDA	Let's Golf!  3 - 320 x 50 - Let's Golf!  3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1JXYEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjS9ecQDA	Unlock Enable Banner - Unlock Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtaHYEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIm9EQDA	TestApp banner ad - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6O3YEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib1s8QDA	Talking Tuzki banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Talking Tuzki
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm4jZEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi58tUQDA	Test App banner ad - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvInZEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjnneEQDA	VLcDiaz banner ad - VLcDiaz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY58vZEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjM29IQDA	Pretty Pet Farm! (Korean) banner ad - 320x50 iPhone -   !
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY09zZEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi95dQQDA	com.geildanke.adwork.elektrospieler.h - adwork.geildanke.com/elektrospieler
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnbjaEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8ocsPDA	Android_Diamond Crusher_320x50 - Diamond Crusher
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1uLaEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjr-MIQDA	Banner Ad - Quartz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlOraEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiT6toQDA	Tower Town - Banner - Social - Tower Town
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwp3bEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5udwQDA	TV & Movie Guide Australia banner ad - TV & Movie Guide Australia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYybnbEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjczt4QDA	LOLCats Free banner ad - LOLCats Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY77_bEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirzeAQDA	Tech Stream banner ad - TechStream
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu8DbEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiT6toQDA	Tower Town - Energy No Refill - Full Screen Interstitial - Tower Town
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY58DbEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQo98QDA	Hlavna stranka - AudioKnihy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYisnbEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib8OQQDA	Farma Rabat banner ad - Farma Rabat
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmpPcEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik5d0QDA	Android_Spin the Bottle_320x50 - Spin the Bottle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY16DdEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJ_OIQDA	Pick Up Artist banner ad - Pick Up Artist
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlajdEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjgpeAQDA	mikaha banner ad - mikaha
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsK7dEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjg4MwQDA	La Teatru banner ad - La Teatru
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrOjdEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiW_KkQDA	Banner Ad 3 - Lamasatech
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7f3dEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiotdIQDA	stuff banner ad - stuff
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkf7dEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimn-IQDA	Coin Pusher Mafia - 320 x 50 - Coin Pusher Mafia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnbbeEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_o9gQDA	AudioKnihy banner - AudioKnihy N/A
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0uPeEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjgpeAQDA	Banner Ad - mikaha
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh_3eEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7ntoQDA	MocoSpace banner ad - MocoSpace
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx5zfEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBickOcQDA	Pirates iPad ad - Pirates iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8ZzfEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6xrEDDA	iOS Leaderboard - HelloWorld
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwLjfEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX-dwQDA	download games banner ad - download games
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6NnfEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiW_KkQDA	Banner Ad - Lamasatech
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-eHhEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikjdwQDA	Test App banner ad - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_ujhEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZjOMQDA	Celebrity Gossip banner ad - Celebrity Gossip
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6fLhEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjf3-IQDA	Android_3D Mahjong_320x50 - 3D Mahjong Mountain
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6pvjEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBurgQDA	Interstitial Ad iPhone - Dyptic Frames Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2vTlEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW4OIQDA	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYidnmEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiW_KkQDA	Banner Ad 2 - Lamasatech
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzpfnEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjv4uEQDA	My Test App banner ad - My Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkrToEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjS9ecQDA	delete - Unlock Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgP7oEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii-KgQDA	Zombie Universe - ROG - Interstitials A - Zombie Universe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsYDqEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiH6_AQDA	Michael Jackson Tube banner ad - Michael Jackson Tube
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYisbqEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj34vAQDA	wapvita banner ad - wapvita
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY083qEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitzOgQDA	GetJar Client banner ad - GetJar Client
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyofrEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii-KgQDA	Zombie Universe - Test - Banners - Zombie Universe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwvvrEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjF8_AQDA	Visidon AppLock banner ad - Visidon AppLock
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpMHsEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXgvQQDA	G4A: Indian Rummy banner ad - G4A: Indian Rummy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtZXtEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQ3e8QDA	Pocket Fiction iPhone ad - Pocket Fiction
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0KbtEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiprvIQDA	Talking Prez banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Talking Prez
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3bftEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjct-0QDA	testapp banner ad - testapp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_ufvEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRlesQDA	Droid Talker banner ad - Droid Talker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhcvwEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYnPAQDA	SlideME Marketplace banner ad - SlideME Marketplace
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt-rwEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7gewQDA	OvenBreak - Lite - Fullscreen - OvenBreak - Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_5LxEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-kvEQDA	Sve Vijesti_ banner ad - Sve Vijesti_
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnYbyEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihp_QQDA	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqa3yEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihp_QQDA	Banner Ad 2 - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhc7yEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjunvIQDA	MEGASTUNT Mayhem banner ad - MEGASTUNTTM Mayhem
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm7XzEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjs4O8QDA	RoCat banner ad - RoCat
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpMrzEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0uPEQDA	Test App 2 banner ad - Test App 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvdLzEAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZhOsQDA	easy eco change banner ad - JP4 - EcoChange com.uhopro.EcoChange !eco
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo8_0EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6__EQDA	|||0001||TIGER & BUNNY - Android title apps 001|
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnOD0EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjP0-4QDA	backgammon gold 320 x 50 banner ad - Backgammon Gold
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0-n0EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCrPEQDA	droidwords free banner ad - droidwords free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtPT1EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLn_oQDA	Shop Until You Drop 2 banner ad - Shop Until You Drop 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrZT2EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjK0PwQDA	Alike Inferior - Alike
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvpb3EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihnvcQDA	TestSite banner ad - TestSite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgbn3EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihiPgQDA	RoCat banner ad - RoCat
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh_L4EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjnvvwQDA	Crack My Screen banner ad - Crack My Screen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuuH5EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi54fkQDA	FunForMobile Rintones and Chat banner ad - FunForMobile Rintones and Chat
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5Ob5EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj5vkQDA	Test App banner ad - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYifr5EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZ3PsQDA	Tap Happy banner ad - Tap Happy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8t76EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6qYEQDA	dev smod forever bottom banner - smod forever
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0IX7EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiehpoBDA	Mobile_Grid_Bot - Newser Mobile Site
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-In7EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3ifsQDA	Allies At War Ads - Allies At War 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkMT7EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd2vsQDA	dev smod forever bottom banner - dev smod forever
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm9v7EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiehpoBDA	Mobile_Story_Top - Newser Mobile Site
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYytz7EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4_IARDA	Tap Happy banner ad - Tap Happy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuOX7EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3ufcQDA	Little Doctor May 928x90 - Little Doctor May
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzOv7EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwkf8QDA	BoiteAMots banner ad - BoiteAMots
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw_D7EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0qP4QDA	Convert Units HD Banner Ad iPhone - Convert Units HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7cv8EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQxvYQDA	Android Test banner ad - Android Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY59D8EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHmoERDA	Baseball Superstars II - 320 x 50 - Baseball Superstars II
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsJ79EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiu4f4QDA	My Test App banner ad - My Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY06z9EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjir-cIDA	TextMe iPad Banner Ad - Text Me!  - Free SMS, IM, Photo and Video Messenger
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3L_9EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYtf4QDA	Rubber Ducky banner ad - Rubber Ducky
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq8L9EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBia_fkQDA	tilep - tilep
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2cL9EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW5YIRDA	kiko banner ad - kiko
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtd_9EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjos4ERDA	Music Search Engine banner ad - Music Search Engine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1PL9EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMkIERDA	Goals.io banner ad - Goals.io
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxrL-EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi93PgQDA	iOS Test banner ad - iOS Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2Ob_EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiF6IERDA	Pyro Shelf banner ad - Pyro Shelf
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5eb_EAw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjiwYERDA	RW - iPhone - Carousel - Thrillist Rewards for iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7JKAEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiNrfwQDA	MahJongg Girl 320x50 - MahJongg Girl
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY67mAEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiNrfwQDA	MahJongg Girl 728x90 - MahJongg Girl
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_MyAEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiehpoBDA	Mobile_Story_Bot - Newser Mobile Site
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY14CBEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0qP4QDA	Convert Units HD Banner Ad iPad - Convert Units HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7O2BEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	tvmagazinekamenrider - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlYaCEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjywvsQDA	zivi banner ad - zivi
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9o2CEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig3v8QDA	Shop Until You Drop 2 banner ad - Shop Until You Drop 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqJWCEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiF1_wQDA	MyTaxiRank Android banner ad - MyTaxiRank Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrMiCEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjg04oRDA	Haunt My Screen banner ad - Haunt My Screen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu-aCEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDi40RDA	Emergency Alarm banner ad - Emergency Alarm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg4yDEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8w4oRDA	Deadly Bombs banner ad - Deadly Bombs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm8qDEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6i4gRDA	Crazy Air Horn banner ad - Crazy Air Horn
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw-GDEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQ44URDA	Laser Roulette banner ad - Laser Roulette
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwvODEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWmoYRDA	thejakartapost.com banner ad - thejakartapost.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqPyDEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi2q4kRDA	Wallpaper banner ad - Spray Can Wallpaper
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzf6DEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiaj4YRDA	MenueAd_SystemTest banner ad - MenueAd_SystemTest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1YCEEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8r4QRDA	FitCalculator banner ad - FitCalculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5ouEEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiG7IgRDA	The world of Magic_320X50 - The world of Magic
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2quEEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9_KkQDA	Banner Ad ??? - Nat Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh8OEEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdyY4RDA	Ouch banner ad - Ouch
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8O2EEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLwIYRDA	Quick 5 Contacts banner ad - Quick 5 Contacts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5IWFEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCrIoRDA	Momentum Builder banner ad - Momentum Builder
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj5OFEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZg4URDA	MenueAd_FlipSilent banner ad - MenueAd_FlipSilent
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrKiFEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9vY0RDA	Pocket Animals banner ad - Pocket Animals
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr7SFEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvwIsRDA	Multi Dice HD banner ad - Multi Dice HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzbmFEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjygYoRDA	Millennial Test App Banner Ad - Millennial Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYldmFEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiM_IkRDA	Beer Pong HD iPhone Banner Ad - Beer Pong HD iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpeGFEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7xosRDA	Android_Bikini Pairs_320x50 - Bikini Pairs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjOaFEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjY640RDA	Slide Soccer 2 iPad - Slide Soccer 2 iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq-iFEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6lYYRDA	https://market.android.com/details?id=com.kamagames.pokerist banner ad - https://market.android.com/details?id=com.kamagames.pokerist
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvIWGEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj72YIRDA	Flick Football Super Save Hero banner ad - Flick Football Super Save Hero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsY2GEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiNj4gRDA	Eamon Dunphy Soundboard banner ad - Eamon Dunphy Soundboard
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtpaGEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjt140RDA	Hungry Hands banner ad - Hungry Hands
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYirWGEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIv4MRDA	Pocket Kitty banner ad - Pocket Kitty
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0rWGEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj144YRDA	TeeMagnet banner ad - TeeMagnet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnOSGEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiDhokRDA	MenueAd_VolumeControl banner ad - MenueAd_VolumeControl
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2-uGEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicmocRDA	Trip Cubby banner ad - Trip Cubby FREE  Mileage Tracker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY95eHEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiY04gRDA	Hospital Story Pro banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Hospital Story Pro
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY25uHEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiw-YwRDA	Cute Bomberman 728x90 - Cute Bomberman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo56HEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFwoMRDA	Shock A Friend banner ad - Shock A Friend
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkaeHEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii1ocRDA	My Car Salon Pro banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - My Car Salon Pro
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY86qHEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBia6YwRDA	MenueAd_BabyKicker(Int) banner ad - MenueAd_BabyKicker(Int)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7a6HEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUuo0RDA	hb2 banner ad - hb2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrL2HEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDk4MRDA	Pinoy Radio banner ad - Pinoy Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxeyHEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBilyIIRDA	Ultimate Coin Toss banner ad - Ultimate Coin Toss
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjPSHEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj33oQRDA	You Must See This banner ad - You Must See This
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtYaIEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijk4QRDA	slice it! begins 320X50 - Slice It! Begins
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu4uIEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiolYURDA	Scary Screams banner ad - Scary Screams
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoaiIEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUwZARDA	MenueAd_SMSBackup banner ad - MenueAd_SMSBackup
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqLmIEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5w4wRDA	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5caIEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYuoURDA	MenueAd_FreePhotoLabel banner ad - MenueAd_FreePhotoLabel
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYssqIEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUuo0RDA	Banner Ad  full - hb2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0P6IEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisxIkRDA	MenueAd_CallBlocker banner ad - MenueAd_CallBlocker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhP-IEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG6YwRDA	RoCat BannerAd - RoCat
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp5SJEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjiwYwRDA	GirlNextDoor banner ad - GirlNextDoor
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnLCJEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUuo0RDA	Banner Ad rect - hb2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8bOJEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJg7EPDA	Summary Screen - Home Button - Heads Up w/ Cristiano Ronaldo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_LaJEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjyyYMRDA	Jatt DJ banner ad - Jatt DJ
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu8yJEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirnYkRDA	MenueAd_BatterySaver banner ad - MenueAd_BatterySaver
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiPGJEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj7o4RDA	Slide Soccer 2 iPad - Slide Soccer 2 iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY64CKEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9iYURDA	KaleidoVid banner ad - KaleidoVid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7o-KEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiO7I0RDA	sama banner ad - sama
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0JGKEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjU14MRDA	MenueAd_SnoozeClock (Int) banner ad -  MenueAd_SnoozeClock (Int)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgZ-KEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj-4MRDA	Japan Life banner ad - Japan Life
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsaKKEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-mIgRDA	MenueAd_ClearCache banner ad - MenueAd_ClearCache
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxa-KEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3vooRDA	Bubble Blast Solver banner ad - Bubble Blast Solver
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq7mKEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik1Y8RDA	MenueAd_SnapSnap (Int) banner ad - MenueAd_SnapSnap (Int)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs8uKEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiEs4gRDA	True Ghost Videos banner ad - True Ghost Videos
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoM2KEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiatooRDA	Four in a Row interstitial - Four in a Row
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6uSKEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiatooRDA	Four in a Row banner iPhone - Four in a Row
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyemKEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig3YkRDA	Bubble Blast 2 - 320 x 50 - Bubble Blast 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlIWLEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisw4sRDA	Four in a Row iPad banner ad - Four in a Row iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxI6LEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj9ooRDA	msonTEST banner ad - msonTEST
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0r6LEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLh4YRDA	MenueAd_AppLock banner ad - MenueAd_AppLock
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1N6LEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiw-YwRDA	Cute Bomberman 320x50 - Cute Bomberman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYreaLEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBis5osRDA	Countdown Widget banner ad - Countdown Widget
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlfuLEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjy2IwRDA	Binary CC banner ad - Binary CC
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5IaMEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxtoERDA	Streamdroid Radio banner ad - Streamdroid Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxoqMEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiY2oIRDA	Turkey Time banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Turkey Time!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo4-MEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIoKcQDA	FullScreenAd - UK Weather
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv5aMEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZkIQRDA	Smart Breathalyzer banner ad - Smart Breathalyzer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvJuMEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikuoURDA	MenueAd_SMSAutoreply banner ad - MenueAd_SMSAutoreply
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7aOMEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYqY0RDA	Cat'sClear banner ad - JP4 - cat's clear com.uhopro.CatsClea   
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwq2MEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjcm4MRDA	" banner ad - "
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwMWMEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiP44URDA	Easy Grocery List banner ad - Easy Grocery List
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6NOMEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjn04wRDA	MenueAd_FunnyLocker banner ad - MenueAd_FunnyLocker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg4KNEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMio0RDA	Hungry Hands iOS App - Hungry Hands
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY04eNEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq_MUPDA	Banner Ad - Baltimore Magazine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6qSOEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIqYMRDA	MenueAd_TaskKiller banner ad - MenueAd_TaskKiller
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgKWOEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmrYsRDA	MenueAd_BatchUninstall banner ad - MenueAd_BatchUninstall
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqqeOEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipp44RDA	News Republic 320x50 - News Republic Android Corporate
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyuGOEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijk4QRDA	slice it! begins 728X90 - Slice It! Begins
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsueOEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJg4QRDA	Cover Beauty (Korean) banner ad - 320x50 - Cover Beauty (Korean)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7ueOEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixhosRDA	Banner Essentials - banner Essentials
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyveOEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBih7IYRDA	F1 Quotes banner ad - F1 Quotes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYupGPEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8uI0RDA	Penalty Kick banner ad - Penalty Kick - Android+Push
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYspmPEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBja_I8RDA	DatPiff Mobile HD 300x50 - DatPiff Mobile HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmr-PEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq_MUPDA	Marvin Banner - Baltimore Magazine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnOWPEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjt140RDA	Banner Ad Medium - Hungry Hands
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqvuPEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiu_IsRDA	MenueAd_SuperRedial banner ad - MenueAd_SuperRedial
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg4OQEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNm4cRDA	MenueAd_LockScreen banner ad - MenueAd_LockScreen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr4OQEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEiIsRDA	Super Scratchers - FREE LOTTERY GAME! banner ad - Super Scratchers - FREE LOTTERY GAME!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtJaQEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizlpARDA	eeee banner ad - eeee
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtMGQEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhkpARDA	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkOSQEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiP5JARDA	Piano!! for iPad banner ad - Piano!! iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4ueQEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK84QRDA	MenueAd_SystemOptimize banner ad - MenueAd_SystemOptimize
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-umQEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjGz48RDA	Ninja Rush Free - 320 x 50 - Ninja Rush Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwvGQEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJqI8RDA	Sleeps to Christmas 2 banner ad - Sleeps to Christmas 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhIuREQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiDi5ERDA	Backgammon Free - 320 x 50 - Backgammon Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY28GREQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjGsZYRDA	ESPN banner ad - ESPN
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtd2REQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit9IkRDA	Beer Pong HD iPad Leaderboard Ad - Beer Pong HD iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwfWREQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWu5ARDA	Legacy.com 320x50 - Legacy.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrJySEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBje-owRDA	banner_728x90 - Arcade Hoops HD Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw6aSEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv2Y8RDA	iOS_Diamond Crusher_728x90 - Diamond Crusher
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkd6SEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQ3pIRDA	Silly Pics banner ad - Silly Pics
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzIyTEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiP5JARDA	Banner Ad for iPhone - Piano!! iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs5yTEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifrpcRDA	Emross War - Fullscreen Interstitial - Emross War
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvruTEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjo3psRDA	MyNews banner ad - MyNews
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY79GTEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp9ZQRDA	hb puzzle 1 banner ad - hb puzzle 1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr9qTEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiu2pMRDA	mostnews.ru banner ad - mostnews.ru
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkduTEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBje-owRDA	full_320x480 - Arcade Hoops HD Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtqeUEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzjpIRDA	QuickMeMe banner ad - QuickMeMe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7b2UEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjnq5ARDA	Biz Report Providers 320x50 - Biz Report
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqoWVEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiP5JARDA	Full Screen Ad Piano - Piano!! iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsY2VEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit_ZQRDA	Total Frat Move banner ad - Total Frat Move
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvquVEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMvJcRDA	King of Frogs - Fullscreen Interstitial - King of Frogs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuMOVEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3w5URDA	pyatin.com banner ad - pyatin.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt9OVEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj72YIRDA	Flick Football Super Save Hero Full Screen Advert  - Flick Football Super Save Hero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw9qVEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj12pARDA	ms test app banner ad - ms test app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiqKWEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJopYRDA	Tic Tac Toe Free - Game Board Screen - Tic Tac Toe Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4LCWEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPt5QRDA	Crazy Things Parents Text banner ad - Crazy Things Parents Text
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0LeWEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_7osRDA	Ninja Rush Free - 320 x 50 - Ninja Rush Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1vCWEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjV8JYRDA	Evri for Samsung banner ad - Evri for Samsung
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw42XEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSg5URDA	APPY Geek Providers 320x50 - APPY Geek
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoq6XEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBje-owRDA	full_1024x768 - Arcade Hoops HD Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm7aXEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3m48RDA	Emross War - Fullscreen Interstitial - Emross War
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxbaXEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUj5ARDA	Verification Tool banner ad - Verification Tool
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxIyYEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiY7pcRDA	Wikinvest 320x50 - Wikinvest Portfolio Manager
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxNKYEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinsJkRDA	Hangman RSS - 320 x 50 - Hangman RSS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkeKYEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYzJoRDA	Wikinvest Portfolio 320x50 - Wikinvest Portfolio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY84GZEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjww5oRDA	Girl Versus Knives banner ad - Girl Versus Knives
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuI-ZEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3j5kRDA	Boards Deals (iOS) banner ad - Boards Deals (iOS)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2c2ZEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3w5URDA	wwwww - pyatin.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6uyZEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp7JkRDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9IWaEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiu25oRDA	Tic Tac Toe Free HD - Game Board Screen - Tic Tac Toe Free HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoaOaEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjInZcRDA	fuautocorrect banner ad - F U Autocorrect
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm-GaEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHwZgRDA	Groan Tube banner ad - Groan Tube
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8uGaEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv2Y8RDA	iOS_Diamond Crusher_320x50 - Diamond Crusher
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8_iaEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6__EQDA	|||0002||shinnanikin - Android title apps 001|
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhrecEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjt36sQDA	Dash of Color HD Banner Ad iPad - Dash of Color FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxNycEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8sKARDA	iBasket Free interstitial iPhone - iBasket Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl92cEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBilnpwRDA	G4A: Crazy Eights banner ad - G4A: Crazy Eights
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw_CcEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjf-KERDA	SportStream Football banner ad - SportStream Football
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkrudEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU6KARDA	Post Call Ad TEST - Eno Light
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmeOdEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBju9qYRDA	Total Frat Move banner ad - Total Frat Move
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmemdEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-wp8RDA	Sketch n Draw banner ad - Sketch n Draw
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzaKeEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB8aMRDA	 banner ad - JP1 - secret story  (Bookmark app)  com.appclub.InsideStor   
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxaeeEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKpJ8RDA	myTest banner ad - myTest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_d6eEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUy6cRDA	Contract Killer: Zombies - 320 x 50 - Contract Killer: Zombies
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu_aeEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBje-owRDA	ad_300x250 - Arcade Hoops HD Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwImfEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_iZ8RDA	Guitar HD banner ad - Guitar! HD for iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyJCfEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRpsoMDA	Mini Piano Tablet Ad Leaderbord - Mini Piano Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxZGfEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUjKERDA	Missing Droid Locator banner ad - Missing Droid Locator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0JOfEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWmqoRDA	SGRidingTheoryLite 320 x 50 - SGRidingTheoryLite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3K6fEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifgZ8RDA	Ninja Rush Deluxe banner ad - Ninja Rush Deluxe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvbefEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzwJwRDA	VampireBloodlust banner ad - VampireBloodlust
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgLufEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAgKYCDA	Android Everything Banner - TestAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs9SfEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiun5wRDA	Quickmeme banner ad - Quickmeme
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlt6fEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTh6cRDA	Banner Ad for iPad - Electric Guitar!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1u-fEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUjKERDA	New - Missing Droid Locator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_PmfEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8sKARDA	iBasket Free banner iPhone - iBasket Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY842gEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6ieIIDA	Miniclip Mobile Web 300x250 Ad - Miniclip Mobile Web Homepage
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_JqgEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAgKYCDA	Android Everything Interstitial - TestAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYleigEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU6KARDA	Contac page banner ad TEST - Eno Light
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_e-gEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjR3p4RDA	youtube banner ad - youtube
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwJKhEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRpsoMDA	Tablet Banner Ad - Mini Piano Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYisehEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC06IRDA	F U Autocorrect banner ad - F U Autocorrect
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjs6hEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiEs50RDA	Tap Zoo - 480 x 320 - Tap Zoo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzvChEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6qYEQDA	smod forever bottom banner - smod forever
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkISiEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPhKIRDA	G4A: Schwimmen banner ad - G4A: Schwimmen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3IiiEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWsJ8RDA	Evri for iPad banner ad - Evri for iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzJuiEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLm6IRDA	 banner ad - JP2 - Bukkake soft.kinoko.bukkake  vol.1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrqyiEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9_KkQDA	Banner Ad - Nat Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgs2iEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZ1qERDA	Car Loan Calculator banner ad - Car Loan Calculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8M6iEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjL_6gRDA	Debug App Banner ad - Debug App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrJSjEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibyKQRDA	Whack-A-Thief banner ad - Whack-A-Thief
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuqOjEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJwKYRDA	Shopping Bingo banner ad - Shopping Bingo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYncCjEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicwKMRDA	Kick the Buddy banner ad - Kick the Buddy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYssOjEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjK-KERDA	androgirls banner ad - androgirls
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3MujEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLt58RDA	PoliceBadge banner ad - PoliceBadge
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn_qjEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB5aURDA	iphone - Ninja Warrior
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2KCkEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrkaQRDA	PantyRaid banner ad - PantyRaid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvrSkEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk6qcRDA	G4A: Klaverjas banner ad - G4A: Klaverjas
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1OKkEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj2rp4RDA	Checkers Free - Game Board Screen - Checkers Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg_ekEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBje-owRDA	banner_320x50 - Arcade Hoops HD Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnvukEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU6KARDA	Pre Call Ad TEST - Eno Light
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrI2lEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigvKURDA	puzzle kids 1 banner ad - puzzle kids 1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhp6lEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLo_8DDA	TEST INTERSTITIAL - Office Jerk iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnb2lEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirzeAQDA	Banner Ad - TechStream
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY08ilEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHq58RDA	Alice's memo banner ad - JP4 - Alice's memo com.uhopro.alicesmemo  
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqN2lEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj--Z4RDA	androgirls banner ad - androgirls
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu92lEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9_KkQDA	Fullscreen 320x480 - Nat Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7uulEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqjqkRDA	Checkers Free HD - Game Board Screen - Checkers Free HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk_OlEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9-p0RDA	tao banner ad - Sex Positions Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyv-lEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhr6MRDA	hsm puzzle banner ad - hsm puzzle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4_-lEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKg6IRDA	Froggy Jump Android banner ad - Froggy Jump Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyJGmEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBir_PgCDA	stomp FULLSCREEN - ~Dynamite Defuse~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-JamEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidnqERDA	iOS_TestApp_320x50 - Backgammon Gold 1.7.1 argh
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzrKmEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNsqYRDA	androgirls banner ad - androgirls
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5r-mEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8sJ4RDA	Crazy Things Parents Text banner ad - Crazy Things Parents Text
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgKinEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB5aURDA	ipad - Ninja Warrior
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3LOnEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvq6cRDA	Confucio: Frases Celebres banner ad - Confucio: Frases Celebres
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9c2nEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU6KERDA	Touch Hockey: FS5 (FREE) - 320 x 50 - Touch Hockey: FS5 (FREE)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpu2nEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbw6ARDA	Best Wisdom Quotes - Free banner ad - Best Wisdom Quotes - Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYksCoEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU6KARDA	Chat Banner Ad TEST - Eno Light
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyNaoEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6058RDA	Android_Test App_320x50 - MopubTestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8fqoEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTsLIRDA	Ninja Warrior iPad banner ad - Ninja Warrior iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0cKpEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj19rERDA	Raging Thunder 1 - Ingame banner ad - Raging Thunder Menus
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsOipEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWmqoRDA	iAd - SGRidingTheoryLite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3d6qEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVgLQRDA	Ecka banner ad - Ecka
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYypurEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjcpLIRDA	feed reader banner ad - feed reader 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1cSrEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBislbYRDA	House Ad - Hungry Hands
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8MWrEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBic86kRDA	Salary Crunch banner ad - Salary Crunch
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq9urEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjY0rARDA	Paradise Island: Exotic - 320 x 50 - Paradise Island: Exotic
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmu6rEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiGnq4RDA	me music empire banner ad - ME Music Empire
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9a2sEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRpsoMDA	Native SDK Capable Phone Ads  - Mini Piano Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs7isEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj19rERDA	Raging Thunder 1 - Interstitial banner ad - Raging Thunder Menus
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6eatEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjazasRDA	HSBC banner ad - HSBC
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiZuuEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi19aoRDA	!!  banner ad - JP2 - Uho' calculator  !! ...
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzcSuEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq6fcCDA	dsg INTERSTITIAL - ~Slide Pencil Lead~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYueCuEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzrq8RDA	Pretty Pet Farm (Japanese) banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - !
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6fSuEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjo9K4RDA	goear mobile banner ad - goear mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_IavEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj19rERDA	Raging Thunder 1 - Menu banner ad - Raging Thunder Menus
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgqWvEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiM9bERDA	DiziCepte HD banner ad - DiziCepte HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7K6vEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8lLYRDA	Mafia World banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Mafia World: New York
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqO2vEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBislbYRDA	Hungry Hands Demo Ad - Hungry Hands
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn5SwEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQo7URDA	TaskBomb task scheduler banner ad - TaskBomb task scheduler
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYirOwEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOqbMRDA	 banner ad - JP4 - kaiji's calculator com.uhopro.CalcKaiji ()
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_sKwEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_ubARDA	Banner Ad (Phone) - Japan Life
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj4GxEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjt140RDA	AdMob Banner - Hungry Hands
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-4GxEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDlrYRDA	Checkers Free - 320 x 50 - Checkers Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY44qxEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSn7QRDA	Hide My Text - Invisible banner ad - Hide My Text - Invisible
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx5WxEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhi68RDA	Ideal Weight BMI banner ad - Ideal Weight BMI
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyaixEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBignIsDDA	whoa INTERSTITIAL - ~Balance the Bomb~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiY6yEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjsnLYRDA	TaskBomb task scheduler banner ad - TaskBomb task scheduler
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiqOyEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJvPwCDA	pb2 INTERSTITIAL - ~Paddle Bounce G~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyIOzEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjF4KkRDA	 banner ad - JP3 - Kanji com.adcall.KanjiTokei 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7eGzEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9_aoRDA	forretas banner ad - forretas
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-fCzEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK9LIRDA	A: Wisdom_Quotes_SDK - A: Wisdom_Quotes_SDK
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqqi0EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_kKoRDA	StickClick - 320 x 50 - StickClick
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYir20EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_ubARDA	Banner Ad (Tablet) - Japan Life
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtMS0EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjf3awRDA	What is my IP? banner ad - What is my IP?
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo8y0EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRka4RDA	Bluetooth  turn on, turn off Free banner ad - Bluetooth  turn on, turn off Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpd60EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBils6kRDA	Checkers Free - 320 x 50 - Checkers Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxsq1EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFyrURDA	Demot banner ad - Demot
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY59G1EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTnKsRDA	Backgammon Free - 320 x 50 - Test stream
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy5W2EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjwzPMPDA	Banner Ad for iPad - Guitar!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmaW2EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1460RDA	Brain Cube Free banner ad - Brain Cube Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpaW2EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6jrYRDA	Sudoku (Full Version) - 320 x 50 - Sudoku (Full Version)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs622EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOy7URDA	Refinery29 Mobile banner ad - Refinery29 Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkPq2EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiP-rYRDA	 banner ad - JP4 - My Sound Fixer com.uhopro.mysoundfixer 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtKi3EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0x78RDA	Show Me Signs- Autism Series banner ad - Show Me Signs- Autism Series
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3rO3EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0y7wRDA	Analog Clock banner ad - Analog Clock
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlL63EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTvrcRDA	Dominoes! - 320 x 50 - Dominoes!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7sy3EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQtbsRDA	NixTutorTablet - NixTutor
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsc-3EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQmbcRDA	Sleep Easy banner ad - Sleep Easy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlua3EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiV5rcRDA	 banner ad - JP4 - Easy Mirror App (Make up) com.uhopro.Mirror ()
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYio-4EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0vbgRDA	BET Mobile Web banner ad - BET Mobile Web
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7KK4EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrorgRDA	Pet Cafe banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Pet Cafe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyb-4EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6rb4RDA	Proporcion Perfecta Defensas Ogame banner ad - Proporcion Perfecta Defensas Ogame
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt_e4EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiNwLsRDA	OpenTable 320x50 - OpenTable for iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuPe4EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi51MERDA	OpenTable 320x50 - OpenTable
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkYS5EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAj7gRDA	Smart Faces banner ad - Smart Faces
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr5O5EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj38rsRDA	MosParking banner ad - MosParking      
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy625EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWkL4RDA	Halloween Sounds - Spooky! Banner Ad - Halloween Sounds - Spooky!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrNa5EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjh97YRDA	Bass Guitar! iOS Full Screen - Bass Guitar! iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7t25EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit5sERDA	Play WithMe sidepanel ad - Play WithMe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsPO5EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-5L4RDA	Demolition Dash - 320 x 50 - Demolition Dash
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy5e6EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4uMERDA	 banner ad - JP2 - Trick Photo Plus soft.kinoko.trickphotoplus 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkOK6EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi93PgQDA	Banner Ad - iOS Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8Oy6EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJg7EPDA	Summary Screen - Restart Button - Heads Up w/ Cristiano Ronaldo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuvW6EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiY1roRDA	www.ksatria.us banner ad - www.ksatria.us
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzIq7EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLirsRDA	Castle Attack banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Castle Attack
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrJu7EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirm7sRDA	Payday Loans banner ad - Payday Loans
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY06S7EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqm74RDA	Creative_Number_2 - MosParking      
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9r28EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqgMERDA	Sumon banner iPhone - Sumon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3MS8EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqwr0RDA	Leaderboard - iPad: Bubbles HD FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6c28EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjozbwRDA	Jokespedia banner ad - Jokespedia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7PK8EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRka4RDA	Banner Ad - Bluetooth  turn on, turn off Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4pe9EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQtbsRDA	NixTutor banner ad - NixTutor
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuaW9EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYscERDA	Genius Scan banner ad - Genius Scan - PDF Scanner
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhai9EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisgLgRDA	Chuck Norris - vtipy banner ad - Chuck Norris - vtipy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8ay9EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit17cRDA	 banner ad - JP6 -Gauntlet-Load com.megames.gauntlet RPG
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjLW9EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLtb0RDA	My Second Cursive ABC banner ad - My Second Cursive ABC
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhru9EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjujrcRDA	Sumon iPad banner  - Sumon iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5d69EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX_LsRDA	DJSiran.FM banner ad - DJSiran.FM
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8uW9EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjx5b0RDA	DaVinci Quest - 320 x 50 - DaVinci Quest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgvG9EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiy0sIRDA	TV World banner ad - TV World
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiKy-EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjb1sIRDA	 banner ad - JP1 - Korean Woman (Bookmark)  com.appclub.BeautifulwomanKo  
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpre-EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBic-boRDA	Droid Banner Ad - The Kansas City Social Club Droid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqOS-EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidnqERDA	iOS_Test App_728x90 - Backgammon Gold 1.7.1 argh
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpfO-EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTg7wRDA	Banner Ad (728 x 90) - DaVinci Quest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY15G_EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTg7wRDA	Banner  Ad (320 x 50) - DaVinci Quest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7be_EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj31cIRDA	Rugby Kicks - 320 x 50 - Rugby Kicks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh9i_EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiE77oRDA	Diversion 320x50 - Diversion
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1-C_EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIu8ERDA	Ringo banner ad - Ringo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_ei_EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8zI8DDA	droidstick.click INTERSTITIAL - ~World Fastest Clicker~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlvu_EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqwr0RDA	Medium Main Menu - iPad: Bubbles HD FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrP6_EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizx7oRDA	S: Bubble_Birds_SDK banner ad - S: Bubble_Birds_SDK
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjpHAEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0v8ARDA	kansas city social club android - The Kansas City Social Club
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn6rAEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifvrwRDA	Play WithMe banner ad - Play WithMe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqbHAEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqwr0RDA	Medium - iPad: Bubbles HD FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz9DAEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_scARDA	Pet Cafe banner ad - 320x50 Android - Pet Cafe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl9HAEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi1ub4RDA	Play WithMe banner ad - Play WithMe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY99jAEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip_rkRDA	Boards.ie banner ad - Boards.ie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9YTBEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBij7rgRDA	test app banner ad - test app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoqbBEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-nKgQDA	iOS_Backgammon_320x480 - Backgammon Gold
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu-7BEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFvL0RDA	ApTest banner ad - ApTest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxPLBEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitocIRDA	Testimony Box banner ad - Testimony Box
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY94_CEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjl97wRDA	AdTester_banner - AdTester
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqJHCEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjloMIRDA	! banner ad - JP4 - Easy Task Cutter com.uhopro.activity !
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7cLCEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUvr4RDA	iOS Banner Ad - The Kansas City Social Club
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrsnCEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqtMMRDA	Stupid Zombies Free - 320 x 50 - Stupid Zombies Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6dXCEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCssQRDA	WebOS: Bubble_Birds banner ad - WebOS: Bubble_Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7_HCEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqgMERDA	Sumon interstitial - Sumon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0vnCEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-wbgRDA	takiti.com.do banner ad - takiti.com.do
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYopnDEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	jyotei - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg6TDEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfnsURDA	iPad Banner Ad - Taiko - Japanese Drums
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhL3DEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi93PgQDA	Banner Ad - iOS Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwezDEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJg7EPDA	Pause - Restart Button - Heads Up w/ Cristiano Ronaldo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl4vEEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjnsbkRDA	Simply Solitaire HD (iPad) Banner Ad - Deleted
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYirrEEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_tMgRDA	WebOS: Tic_Tac_Toe banner ad - WebOS: Tic_Tac_Toe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlL3EEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi54uwIDA	iPhone Test - Shave Me!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwMPEEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_w8QRDA	Skout 320x50 - Skout
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4bnFEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjgucURDA	EZ Hangman banner ad - EZ Hangman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx8fFEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-ncYRDA	Skout 320x50 - Skout
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzPTFEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfnsURDA	Taiko Full Screen - Taiko - Japanese Drums
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr4XGEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiuy8YRDA	bubblewraplite banner ad - bubblewraplite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv47GEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitm8wRDA	Bass Guitar! for Android banner ad - Bass Guitar! for Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY34rHEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik5cgRDA	Elf City Halloween banner ad - Elf City Halloween
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7rnHEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjf2McRDA	Same Stars HD 728x90 - Same Stars HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsNLHEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqhdARDA	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy-zHEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE1skRDA	 banner ad - JP2 - Flower flip silent soft.kinoko.turnssilence ()
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyPLHEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPjtARDA	koosoma banner ad - koosoma_android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8ZfIEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjwl8gRDA	Finger Drums iPad banner ad - Finger Drums iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiNXIEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiw0skRDA	I Am Awesome fullscreen - I Am Awesome
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYieDKEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBia670QDA	Banner Ad iPad Version - Finger Drums
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY89TLEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjf2McRDA	Same Stars 320x50 - Same Stars HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz7vMEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifosURDA	Pici Booth Banner Ad iPhone - Pici Booth
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoMHMEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjulsgRDA	Facebook banner ad - JP1 - Facebook recommend page (Bookmark app) com.appclub.FacebookMatome Facebook
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6sHMEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjY9sURDA	 banner ad - JP3 - Face Tube Clock com.adcall.FaceTubeClock 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7-bMEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit5dARDA	Kodaywap banner ad - Kodaywap
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7efMEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5_8wRDA	Atari's Greatest Hits 320x50 - Atari's Greatest Hits
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3O_MEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqzb0RDA	Atari's Greatest Hits 320x50 - Atari's Greatest Hits
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYloHNEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRmM0RDA	Ninja Rush banner ad - Ninja Rush
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh_LOEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiG8s4RDA	320 x 50 - Coin VS Zombies
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt4LPEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi54uwIDA	iPad Test - Shave Me!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxIvPEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNosoRDA	koosoma banner ad - koosoma
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8L7PEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7vdoRDA	Gift Ideas banner ad - Gift Ideas
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv9PPEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNp84RDA	The Review App banner ad - The Review App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuOTPEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBgLUIDA	full Ad - weibotong
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0brQEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBhtQRDA	Whats local banner ad - Whats local
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYicTQEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjP_c4RDA	AppGuide Magazin - Einfach bessere Apps banner ad - AppGuide Magazin - Einfach bessere Apps
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqIjREQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix59MRDA	Menu Banner Ad - TEST - ShapeShift
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj67REQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiamNMRDA	 banner ad - JP2 - Maid cleaner soft.kinoko.maidcleaner 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqdXREQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjivNsRDA	Android_Tic Tac Toe_320x50 - Tic Tac Toe Glow
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxvDREQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit4sgRDA	Lawn and Pool Manager banner ad - Lawn and Pool Manager
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsY3SEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiuqtwRDA	Gameplay Banner Ad - TEST - ShapeShift
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgpzSEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6ktcRDA	Rail Maze - 320 x 50 - Rail Maze
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5qnSEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjy9dARDA	Gift Ideas banner ad - Gift Ideas
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmKvSEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiV19URDA	Accentonix Control Panel banner ad - Accentronix Control Panel
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsqzSEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixrNIRDA	FS_IOS_320x50 - Formspring.me
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwsnSEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBidURDA	Matrix Calculator Free banner ad - Matrix Calculator Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY89PSEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii0dgRDA	Full Screen Ad Ukulele - Ukulele!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj5DTEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC9tURDA	Sumon Android Intestitial - Sumon Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4cjTEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiW3YEPDA	320 x 250 Ad - Spit
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-szTEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjD2tYRDA	MusicBox banner ad - MusicBox
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlOfTEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBin9dYRDA	Missing Droid Locator banner ad - Missing Droid Locator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyMPUEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibwNoRDA	Traffic Panic 3D banner ad - Traffic Panic 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0cXUEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjujt0RDA	Top 50 Songs banner ad - Top 50 Songs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYztPUEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicv9oRDA	Matrix Calculator Free banner ad - Matrix Calculator Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh-bUEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBid1tsRDA	Heart Rate banner ad - Heart Rate
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr_3UEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiW3YEPDA	Big Banner Ad - Spit
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsYLVEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjU29sRDA	Traffic Panic 3D Fullscreen phone AD - Traffic Panic 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlpLVEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjU29sRDA	Traffic Panic 3D Fullscreen tablet AD  - Traffic Panic 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_6LVEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdvNQRDA	Gameplay Interstitial - TEST - ShapeShift
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsLTVEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWkN0RDA	Pirates banner ad - Pirates
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-r_VEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiW9NERDA	demo banner ad - demo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqc_VEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj__tURDA	paper Glider Crazy Copter 3D Fullscreen Ad - Paper Glider Crazy Copter 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2ebVEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC9tURDA	Sumon Android Banner - Sumon Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjfLVEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii0dgRDA	Banner Ad for Ukulele iPad - Ukulele!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk_PVEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimx9MRDA	Shape Shift Android Phone - GamePlay Interstitial - Shape Shift Android Phone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwYLWEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5gtURDA	Text Pics Pro 320x480 FULL - Text Pics Pro FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5qPWEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjX99IRDA	omni present media network banner ad - omni present media network
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk6bWEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiG0NoRDA	Pull My Finger banner ad - Pull My Finger
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYotDWEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC79ERDA	Barcode Scanner banner ad - Barcode Scanner
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs9zWEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj__tURDA	crazy copter 3d banner ad - Paper Glider Crazy Copter 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7-7WEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXqtMRDA	Banner ad 320  50 - 45sec - Ludo Board Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2oDXEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA1vcPDA	Trash - fileman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkqPXEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimx9MRDA	Shape Shift Android Phone - StartUp Interstitial - Shape Shift Android Phone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlbXXEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimx9MRDA	Shape Shift  Android Phone - GamePlay Banner Ad - Shape Shift Android Phone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpMHXEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDv9wRDA	Electric razor banner ad - Electric razor
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvNvXEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjon9QRDA	Old Video PRO banner ad - Old Video PRO
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuNzXEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAoN8RDA	best life quoets banner ad - best life quoets
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuLnYEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikmNsRDA	robo banner ad - robo 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrczYEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiD2NARDA	omni present media network banner ad - omni present media network
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYss3YEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjA2dARDA	YONGtest banner ad - YONGtest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs83YEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijk4QRDA	slice it! begins 300X250 - Slice It! Begins
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpdTYEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik1NgRDA	Gift Ideas banner ad - Gift Ideas
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7J7ZEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrntkRDA	Blow Windmill banner ad - Blow Windmill
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqLDZEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSs9URDA	My Measures LITE FULLSCREEN - My Measures LITE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmsPZEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC6NcRDA	Fart Machine banner ad - Fart Machine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkJzaEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiW9NERDA	Banner Ad - demo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY36PaEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibheARDA	Simple Android Demo Interstitial - MoPub Android APp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY66vaEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7kdsRDA	iPhone App banner ad - MoPub iPhone App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzK_aEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxt9wRDA	Strobe Light Fantasy banner ad - Strobe Light Fantasy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm7_aEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSltERDA	Matrix Calculator Free banner ad - Matrix Calculator Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwM_aEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5gtURDA	Text Pics Pro 320x50 - Text Pics Pro FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzPDaEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj__tURDA	Paper Glider Crazy Copter 3D iPad fullscreen - Paper Glider Crazy Copter 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwI7bEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC_tgRDA	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhpLbEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTnOARDA	Diversion - 320 x 50 - Diversion
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0KDbEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBmN0RDA	Mobile Web Site banner ad - MoPub Mobile Web Site
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy-jbEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8xNURDA	Pretty Pet Salon (Japanese) banner ad - 320x50 iPhone -   
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuoTcEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSydURDA	How to  banner ad - JP1 - PENDING- How to sex (Bookmark app) com.appclub.HowToH How to ~~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyqPcEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSjNgRDA	robo banner ad - robo 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgazcEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXqtMRDA	Banner Ad UP 320x50 - Ludo Board Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk7vcEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU_NIRDA	MenueAd_PhotoHider banner ad - MenueAd_PhotoHider
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjsjcEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjU29sRDA	Traffic Panic 3D Banner phone AD - Traffic Panic 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnOPcEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiE0eERDA	Bar Star Lite banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Bar Star! Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8ezcEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj98NsRDA	RPG Story banner ad - 320x50 Android - RPG Story
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvZDdEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLzNwRDA	scrash banner ad - scrash
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgJjdEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7kdsRDA	iPhone App interstitial - MoPub iPhone App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmpzdEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBie_OMRDA	MedLife banner ad - MedLife
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg7jdEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-wuMRDA	Frootrees Halloween Edition HD banner ad - Frootrees Halloween Edition HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9r3dEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi91t8RDA	Simple iPad App Leaderboard - Simple iPad App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY18DdEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj2iOIRDA	BSCYB Iphone App banner ad - BSCYB Iphone App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2PLdEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiP4-YRDA	menu banner - Fragger menu banner GetJar
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlYbeEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimrdoRDA	Movie Manic banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Movie Manic
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6YveEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjimf4KDA	Banner Ad #2 - Angry Birds Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9Y_eEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG4-gRDA	MopubdeeMopubdoo banner ad - MopubdeeMopubdoo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjZPeEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMk94RDA	Talking Funny Mirrors 320x50 - Talking Funny Mirrors
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyaDeEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMyekRDA	 banner ad - JP4 - okotowari com.uhopro.okotowari 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqKLeEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjb5tYRDA	Top Model banner ad - 350x50 iPhone - Top Model
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmbveEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjo-bIQDA	Video Example - IMDb Movies & TV
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjdveEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiM294RDA	! banner ad - JP2 - tissueB soft.kinoko.tissueB !
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6vDeEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7kdsRDA	iPhone App medium rectangle - MoPub iPhone App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4ZTfEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjujN8RDA	Cool test banner ad - Cool test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY367fEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSs9URDA	My Measures LITE 320x50 - My Measures LITE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxLDfEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUod0RDA	Banner ad - SpeedDate: Real Dates in Real-Time
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvtbfEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi91t8RDA	Simple iPad App Full Screen - Simple iPad App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2OXfEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7j98RDA	Chicago International Model United Nations Banner ad - Chicago International Model United Nations
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4v3fEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEi-MRDA	full_vertical_after_chat_320x480 - SpeedDate Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-v3fEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjc8d4RDA	 banner ad - JP3 - Simple Mirror App (hair style) com.adcall.SimpleMirror_Men ()
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnIXgEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibheARDA	Simple Android Demo banner ad - MoPub Android APp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7bvgEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTx98RDA	Entertainer banner ad - Entertainer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlbzgEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEi-MRDA	home_screen_banner_320x50 - SpeedDate Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-s7gEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv7OMRDA	 banner ad - JP3 - Easy app lock com.adcall.applock 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgejgEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA6OARDA	BalaWap banner ad - BalaWap
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-vTgEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZqOcRDA	Old Ad 480x32 - Future Combat - Patriots at War
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9IjhEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0gOgRDA	Test App banner ad - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmJnhEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi91t8RDA	Simple iPad App Skyscraper - Simple iPad App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu7bhEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQ2OcRDA	WorldCupTableTennisLite_banner - World Cup Table Tennis Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY18XhEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikyOcRDA	Interstitial ad - iStunt 2 interstitial
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY48jhEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjs-_sPDA	Banner Ad2 - CheckPoints
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt-nhEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv8egRDA	WorldCupTableTennisHD_bannerAd - World Cup Table Tennis HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrYbiEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimx9MRDA	Shape Shift Android Phone - Menu Banner Ad - Shape Shift Android Phone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtZ7iEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9i9sRDA	() banner ad - JP3 - Slow voice com.adcall.yukkuri () 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1c_iEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigzuURDA	Top Girl Android - 300x250 as Interstitial - Top Girl Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9_jiEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjb0OURDA	test1212 banner ad - test1212
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj7LjEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVv80HDA	Main App Banner Ad - MatchOff
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqNTjEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifn94RDA	bwlite banner ad - Bubblewraplite - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl-3jEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ394RDA	Banner Ad - HeadingOut
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjfzjEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiGlN8RDA	office jerk banner ad - office jerk
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlazkEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBia--YRDA	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvq3kEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimuOMRDA	CheckPlease! banner ad - CheckPlease!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzePkEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW2OcRDA	Speedx 3D f&f banner ad - Speedx 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6ufkEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHj-URDA	Woopdidoo App banner ad - Woopdidoo App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7fvkEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEge4RDA	Tagged Similar banner ad - Tagged Similar
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8YblEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv8egRDA	WorldCupTableTennisHD_squareAd - World Cup Table Tennis HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-5PlEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6k-URDA	Xbox Live & PSN Manager banner ad - Xbox Live & PSN Manager
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx5vlEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiohOURDA	Sticky Jump iPhone interstitial - Sticky Jump
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4aHlEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjgoeURDA	emailfinder promo - emailfinderlite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY86blEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj13eARDA	Simple Ads Demo banner ad - Simple Ads Demo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1bDlEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikyOcRDA	iStunt 2 banner ad - iStunt 2 interstitial
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY37rlEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0-OcRDA	facebook banner ad - facebook
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwb3lEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiG9-QRDA	4x4 Jam Lite - 320 x 50 - 4x4 Jam Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1e7lEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj90OcRDA	test1212 banner ad - test1212
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkPvlEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi38-URDA	AllBeCompleted banner ad - AllBeCompleted
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq4XmEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiP4-YRDA	Interstitial Ad - Fragger menu banner GetJar
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4YfmEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	itadakimasu - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-7fmEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBio2e4RDA	test ad again - QATest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0MHmEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik4ugRDA	MopubdeeMopub banner ad - MopubdeeMopub
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsNTmEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik6-oRDA	Jareds World banner ad - Jareds World
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwt7mEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd9ewRDA	RBF Lucky Rewards banner ad - RBF: Lucky Rewards
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3uPmEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8xuMRDA	weedmaps banner ad - weedmaps 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi53nEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1u-cRDA	123 Car Insurance banner ad - 123 Car Insurance
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl7jnEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPz-ARDA	Shoot Bubble Deluxe banner ad - Shoot Bubble Deluxe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtsDnEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi1wOcRDA	angry birds banner ad - Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYitHnEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjoiusRDA	"Be Happy! Free" banner ad - Be Happy! Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYltvnEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit_eYRDA	POI CAMERA banner ad - JP3 - POI CAMERA com.adcall.poicamera.international POI CAMERA
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjZnoEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj47-MRDA	Location banner ad - Location
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY487oEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi32YEPDA	106 & Park (MetroPCS) Banner ad - 106 & Park (MetroPCS)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY85LpEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQ2OcRDA	WorldCupTableTennisLite_square - World Cup Table Tennis Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYup3pEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5nekRDA	RBF Lucky Rewards banner ad - RBF: Lucky Rewards
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7avpEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	tennensyoujyoman - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyq_pEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJr-kRDA	Top - Denik.cz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8bXpEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEi-MRDA	likes_me_banner_ad_320x50 - SpeedDate Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg87pEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNn-kRDA	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-PbpEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSvOERDA	Cool banner ad - Cool
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYloDqEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVgOoRDA	CheckPlease! banner ad - CheckPlease!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtYPqEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix_8AQDA	Hair Plucker Interstitial Ad - Hair Plucker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjo_qEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjon9QRDA	Old Video PRO intersacial Ad - Old Video PRO
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3abqEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEi-MRDA	full_screen_after_likes_me_320x480 - SpeedDate Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3MjqEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-qugRDA	MoGam banner ad 320x250 - MoGam
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlNTqEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtvOoRDA	punjabimobile.com banner ad - punjabimobile.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1IfrEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ0vMRDA	Perfct love calculator banner ad - Perfct love calculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1I7rEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6te0RDA	Simmar 728x90 - Simmar
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7Y7rEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6te0RDA	Simmar 300x250 Bottom Right - Simmar
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5pLrEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjstOQRDA	Brasileirao 2011 banner ad - Brasileirao 2011
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-ZPrEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBioluQRDA	Fortune Cookie banner ad - Fortune Cookie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs5XrEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRt-YRDA	Daylight World Map banner ad - Daylight World Map
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwq3rEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJyegRDA	Ara paper banner ad - Ara paper
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2M_rEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiy-vMRDA	GeoShopping banner ad - GeoShopping
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-dXrEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH8u4RDA	Puzzle Tile banner ad - Puzzle Tile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtOrrEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicweMRDA	Books For you banner ad - Books For you
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuPLrEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyyOoRDA	Constitucion MX Gratis banner ad - Constitucion MX Gratis
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzofsEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd5N8RDA	Radardroid Lite banner ad - Radardroid Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhprsEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ4vARDA	Main Menu banner ad - Pro Paint Camera
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY76HsEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBij3e0RDA	Bubblewrap lite test 3 banner ad - Bubblewrap lite test 3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY77bsEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi32YEPDA	106 & Park (MetroPCS) Interstitial - 106 & Park (MetroPCS)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4dXsEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjg1ewRDA	GNews + banner ad - GNews +
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxuXsEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqi-sRDA	(Kaomoji Land) banner ad - JP4 - Kaomoji Land com.uhopro.KaomojiLand 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmIXtEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	tadanohitoshireturns - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1pHtEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiDpOwRDA	Pocket Dog banner ad - Pocket Dog
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7JTtEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizoOoRDA	Alan From Hangover banner ad - Alan From Hangover 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnp3tEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjkOYRDA	(nikukyumeow) banner ad - JP2 - nikukyumeow soft.kinoko.nikukyumeow 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-aTtEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG5uwRDA	Thumbtribe banner ad - Thumbtribe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlbbtEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6te0RDA	Simmar 300x250 Middle Right - Simmar
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl_XtEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH8u4RDA	Banner Ad - Puzzle Tile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3fntEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiohOURDA	Sticky Jump iPhone Banner - Sticky Jump
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuLruEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6te0RDA	Simmar 300x250 Top Right - Simmar
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-MjuEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6oe4RDA	jenix banner ad - jenix
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqdnuEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBio2e4RDA	Test_MoPub  ad - QATest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoIHvEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEi-MRDA	full_vertical_after_search_results_320x480 - SpeedDate Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYufbvEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjL5OsRDA	Convey IT banner ad - Convey IT
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjfrvEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0r_MRDA	Reversi Online banner ad - Reversi Online
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6JnwEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBp_ERDA	VI Dining App banner ad - VI Dining App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1aPwEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiM8OgRDA	Halloween Kit Banner Ad - Halloween Kit
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsurwEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEi-MRDA	search_banner_id_320x50 - SpeedDate Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0IjxEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPiPERDA	VisiKard banner ad - VisiKard
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrqHxEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEi-MRDA	default_banner_id_320x50 - SpeedDate Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYieDxEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH8u4RDA	Square Banner Ad - Puzzle Tile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtOLyEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjknPQRDA	Hide it Pro banner ad - Hide it Pro
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1IDzEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiu0PsRDA	Today In History banner ad - Today In History
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi7nzEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEi-MRDA	Default full screen ad_320x480 - SpeedDate Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3bnzEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBin5ukRDA	AndFirewall banner ad - AndFirewall
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4sLzEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiG3vIRDA	Pocket Horse banner ad - Pocket Horse
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjcjzEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjF7PwRDA	Banner Ad - Discover a Color iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6NPzEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFmfQRDA	WikiSeer banner ad - WikiSeer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_dPzEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm8vMRDA	appysnap banner ad - appysnap
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1u_zEQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEi-MRDA	my_chats_banner_ad_320x50 - SpeedDate Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuJb0EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPtvoRDA	ZeHoroscope Belier banner ad - ZeHoroscope Belier
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2c_0EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHpPURDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_Oz0EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG0PERDA	BabyBump iOS Banner - BabyBump iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2oD1EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyx-4RDA	Super Bunny banner ad - Super Bunny
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4of1EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB8vYRDA	SGmobileKe banner ad - SGmobileKe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxZr1EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFzPoRDA	BOAT TRIPS-STT banner ad - BOAT TRIPS-STT
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiaH1EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiElfgRDA	Nabd News banner ad - Nabd News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvLH1EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiusfkRDA	Sticky Jump HD banner ad - Sticky Jump HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrrT1EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBittPURDA	Pint of Plain banner ad - Pint of Plain
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz_T1EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBilrvERDA	Quiz Quest banner ad - Quiz Quest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYteH3EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4m4ISDA	Mythical Pets banner ad - Mythical Pets
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoIn4EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6__4RDA	TerrariaHB banner ad - TerrariaHB
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxZn4EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi1zvYRDA	frog banner ad - Dizzypad - Frog Jump Fun
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_LD4EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihhoISDA	iphone_320x50 - Transit Stop: CTA Tracker (Free)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgdf4EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEh_0RDA	Pimple Popper Banner Ad - Pimple Popper Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYse34EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjS4vkRDA	Whats app banner ad - WhatsFish
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjrD5EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicuvQRDA	Block Rampage banner ad - Block Rampage
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhrv5EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSov4RDA	Leaderboard Ad - Discover a Color
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxL35EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjx44ASDA	http://m.mygamespace.us banner ad - http://m.mygamespace.us
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoov6EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjuo_4RDA	afdadsf banner ad - afdadsf
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrr36EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjO0_8RDA	1~~ banner ad - JP1 - BAN - Psychological testing 1 min sexy 1~~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxOX6EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit4PcRDA	SwissRadio Pad banner ad - SwissRadio Pad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpYP7EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiysvsRDA	Sticky Jump banner ad - Sticky Jump
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3J77EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbnvsRDA	Makeover Madness - 320 x 50 - Makeover Madness
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYytD7EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiu0PsRDA	full screen ad - Today In History
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2_z7EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjU29sRDA	Traffic Panic 3D Banner tablet Ad - Traffic Panic 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsv37EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjs5vsRDA	Zub Medium Banner Test - my.skyfire
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY77r8EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqqYUSDA	dejandresreviews banner ad - dejandresreviews
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkdT8EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi72ocSDA	GAA Scoreboard banner ad - GAA Scoreboard
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3db8EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSooASDA	Agregador banner ad - Agregador
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsOH8EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_34MSDA	Pimple Popper Lite Banner Ad - Pimple Popper Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2_D8EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBja8PwRDA	Visallink banner ad - Visallink
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8fj8EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiR7f0RDA	wapkid.com banner ad - wapkid.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoIH9EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicuYESDA	Arcade Hoops Free banner ad - Arcade Hoops Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwoX9EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1hoESDA	Achievements and Trophies banner ad - Achievements and Trophies
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-Jv9EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjF7PwRDA	DIscover a Color Phone Ad - Discover a Color iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6qL9EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQ0PsRDA	VI Dining App banner ad - VI Dining App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_Nb9EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiusfkRDA	Sticky Jump HD Interstitial - Sticky Jump HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4Nz9EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimt4ESDA	TBD banner ad - TBD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp-b9EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBil-_kRDA	Makeover Madness - 320 x 50 - Makeover Madness
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4oT-EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiKz4ESDA	Super Ninja Fullscreen ad - Super Ninja
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY06L-EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSov4RDA	Leaderboard Ad - Discover a Color
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY56n-EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjF7PwRDA	Leaderboard Ad - Discover a Color iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYibX-EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjo0P8RDA	Vtipko banner ad - Vtipko
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo8L-EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_34MSDA	Pimple Popper Lite Interstitial Ad - Pimple Popper Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr9b-EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiysvsRDA	iPhone interstitial - Sticky Jump
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnon_EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwlvkRDA	Hair Plucker Android Banner Ad - Hair Plucker Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4o3_EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjsgPwRDA	ikspreek.nl banner ad - ikspreek.nl
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3pr_EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj66v4RDA	Visallink banner ad - Visallink
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8bX_EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3nf0RDA	MeWantBamboo - 320 x 50 - MeWantBamboo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsc3_EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhkfwRDA	Banner Ad - Kik Messenger
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh9f_EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG2vwRDA	Visallink banner ad - Visallink
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq9v_EQw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBie5PgRDA	ZeHoroscope Belier banner ad - ZeHoroscope Belier
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjqeAEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiKz4ESDA	Super Ninja Fullscreen ad (iPad) - Super Ninja
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY49mAEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhkfwRDA	KIK messenger banner ad - Kik Messenger
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4fWAEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikmIISDA	3 Kingdoms Saga Pro banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - 3 Kingdoms Saga Pro
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmI2BEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWzoASDA	freeguid.wap.sh banner ad - freeguid.wap.sh
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY56iBEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvjYQSDA	Linda banner ad - Linda
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhL-BEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi55_gRDA	 banner ad - JP4 - Simple Weather com.uhopro.SimpleWeather ()
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw82BEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH8u4RDA	Main menu square ad - Puzzle Tile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-uaBEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvtIISDA	Hello World2 banner ad - Hello World2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmO-BEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_iP0RDA	Visallink banner ad - Visallink
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjPeBEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiD1x8M	iPad iAd Interstitial - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs9OCEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiKz4ESDA	Super Ninja banner ad - Super Ninja
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6OqCEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwlvkRDA	Hair Plucker Android Interstitial Ad - Hair Plucker Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhOyCEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWpoASDA	MetalStorm: Wingman - 320 x 50 - MetalStorm: Wingman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnoGDEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhkfwRDA	Banner Ad - Kik Messenger
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2YKDEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5mvoRDA	Hello World banner ad - Hello World
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_bCDEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihhoISDA	ipad_728x90 - Transit Stop: CTA Tracker (Free)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlrGDEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicuYESDA	Arcade Hoops Free fullscreen - Arcade Hoops Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4uCDEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0_PsRDA	SOHH DROID banner ad - SOHH DROID 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYneODEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj38YMSDA	Christmas Time banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Christmas Time
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqOuDEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4vokSDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnIyEEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjcjoUSDA	FastMall banner ad - FastMall - Shopping Malls, Community & Interactive Maps
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrpOEEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrs6MFDA	Banner Ad Test - Spray Can
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk6eEEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAgKYCDA	Android ORMMA Banner - TestAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6K6EEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjs5vsRDA	my.skyfire banner ad - my.skyfire
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlb2EEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI94ESDA	Visallink banner ad - Visallink
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqtSEEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9sPgRDA	Win banner ad - Gun Builder
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwO2EEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiKz4ESDA	Super Ninja Banner Ad (iPad) - Super Ninja
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0O2EEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjXxYISDA	Quick Post Notes banner ad - Quick Post Notes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp4eFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVuYISDA	GreenBax banner ad - GreenBax
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwNSFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_1IUSDA	LOC - Local Directory banner ad - LOC - Local Directory
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3KuGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTxYMSDA	demo app banner ad - demo app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr7CGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi56YESDA	A: Droplets_SDK_2 - A: Droplets_SDK_2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY44eHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi1-YoSDA	Greed Corp Android banner ad - Greed Corp HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-YOIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjv94YSDA	Player - Onecast
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7qOIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCzokSDA	wapking banner ad - wapking
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuquIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5q4gSDA	iPad Leaderboard - Rock Drums
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlOiIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0pIUSDA	LoveTemecula.com App banner ad - LoveTemecula.com App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu4iJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj__tURDA	Paper Glider Crazy Copter iPad Banner Ad - Paper Glider Crazy Copter 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4o6JEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjcgYQSDA	music banner ad - Yahoo! Music
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu56JEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmpYcSDA	A: Droplets_SDK_2 banner ad - A: Droplets_SDK_2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4q-JEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhr4kSDA	hello banner ad - hello
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY37WJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC3IkSDA	3 Kingdoms Saga Lite banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - 3 Kingdoms Saga
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY38aJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4tYUSDA	vMPlayer_neon banner ad - vMPlayer_neon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxM6JEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiDm4QSDA	Horoscop Free banner ad - Horoscop Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvtaJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLloUSDA	Fun banner ad - Fun
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY55SKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj22YgSDA	yogas banner ad - yogas
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8tKKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZiYsSDA	Race Of Champions banner ad - Race Of Champions
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtPmKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp54QSDA	Soy un Geek! banner ad - Soy un Geek!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpZGLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj92YgSDA	demo app 2 banner ad - demo app 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3N6LEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIooISDA	castle attack banner ad - castle attack
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY45GNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjikY0SDA	My Mood Ring banner ad - My Mood Ring
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5JGNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdx_QHDA	Stick Cricket - interstitial ad - Stick Cricket iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy5mNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKmY0SDA	Enchanted Story banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Enchanted Story Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0pmNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfvY4SDA	SMAC banner ad - Skip Murphy And Company
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1ZmNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjYrpMSDA	TVguide for Virgin banner ad - TV Guide for Virgin Media
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY15mNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3vY4SDA	fiveminutes-android banner ad - fiveminutes-android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY25mNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjglo4SDA	Banner Ad - Hawaiian Names iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3ZmNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjlrpMSDA	Fondos Navidad banner ad - Fondos Navidad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5JmNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTrZESDA	CGAME16 - Ancient Mahjong (iPad) 728x90 - CGAME16 - Ancient Mahjong (iPad)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6JmNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiT-5ESDA	KOSMO studio top banner ad - KOSMO studio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsaGNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJmY0SDA	Race to 25 banner ad - Race to 25
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvqGNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm5I4SDA	Sputnik! banner ad - Sputnik!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwaGNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihp_QQDA	Banner Ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyaGNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIoY0SDA	Interstitial ad - Ping Pong
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2aGNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjA65ESDA	Blendr Fullscreen Ad - Blendr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3qGNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW45ESDA	asdf banner ad - asdf
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5KGNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj2o5QSDA	Fondos Coches banner ad - Fondos Coches
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhaKNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6te0RDA	Interstitial Ad - Simmar
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiKKNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ-5ESDA	Medium Main Menu - iPhone: Word Search FREE!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiqKNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQvo4SDA	iOS_iThemes HD_320x50 - iThemes HD Designer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmaKNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtpo4SDA	A: Snake_SDK_2 - A: Snake_SDK_2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpqKNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-_pUSDA	iPad Memory Fullscreen - iPad Memory
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm6mNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5g48SDA	TestApp banner ad - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoamNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9_KkQDA	Landscape Left - Nat Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrqmNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj11pASDA	Puppy World - 320 x 50 - Puppy World
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu6mNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBsJUSDA	Wave Blazer Interstitials banner ad - Wave Blazer Interstitials
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3qmNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjx2I0SDA	MoPub Portrait Interstitial - ngCore MoPub Sample
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY56mNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj19pUSDA	My Cartridge Checklist banner ad - My Cartridge Checklist
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7amNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ-5ESDA	Medium - iPhone: Word Search FREE!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9qmNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbipISDA	Alice in Candyland banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Alice in Candyland
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_qmNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA6ZcSDA	Bots Inc. banner ad - Bots Inc.
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhKqNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrv_UDDA	test rectangle ad - TEST
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhaqNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-9pUSDA	MyPad - for Facebook & Twitter banner ad - MyPad - for Facebook & Twitter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgbGNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZqY0SDA	How to Tie banner ad - How to Tie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY87iNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjy2IwRDA	Currency Exchange - Binary CC
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-riNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWwI0SDA	kaomoji banner ad - JP4 - Kaomoji com.uhopro.KaomojiDictionary  aa 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_LiNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUsZISDA	Cafe Story banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Cafe Story
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl7mNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiF-5ESDA	Papa Esceptico - Papa Esceptico
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnbmNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiS5JYSDA	click to advertise - Go Go Gig Harbor Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrbmNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiY5JYSDA	Shape Shift  Android Tablet - GamePlay Banner ad - Shape Shift Android Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxbmNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ-5ESDA	Leaderboard - iPhone: Word Search FREE!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzLmNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii5JYSDA	Four in a Row Free HD - Game Board Screen - Four in a Row Free HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzrmNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6lZESDA	Six towers banner ad - Six Towers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0bmNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVoZUSDA	dnevnik.hr banner ad - Dnevnik.hr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY47mNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQlI8SDA	(android) banner ad - JP6 - gimmicalheart jp.co.megames.gimmical(android)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5LmNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfkpISDA	(android) banner ad - JP6 - bloodact jp.co.megames.bloodact_905(android)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0cCNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpuI0SDA	Censored Camera banner ad - Censored Camera
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3MCNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_lZESDA	106 & Park Banner - 106 & Park
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3sCNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZk48SDA	FreeCell :) iPad - FreeCell :) iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5cCNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjD15USDA	Fondos Chicas banner ad - Fondos Chicas
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9cCNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5xJESDA	 banner ad - JP3 - AlarmclockMum com.adcall.AlarmclockMum 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvMiNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBis9I4SDA	Video Roulette banner ad - Video Roulette
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxsiNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjF0I0SDA	iBasket Free iPad banner - iBasket Free iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYodCNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5yI0SDA	Curveball banner ad - Curveball
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYstCNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSqJASDA	ZodTTD Cydia Repo banner ad - ZodTTD Cydia Repo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvtCNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpkJASDA	mobitrick.com banner ad - mobitrick.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv9CNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQgZUSDA	Space Soldiers banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Space Soldiers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwNCNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjv94YSDA	New Banner Ad - Onecast
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwdCNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiioJASDA	anggitku3 banner ad - anggitku3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx9CNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWqY0SDA	Paper Glider Holiday Fullscreen Ad - Paper Glider Holidays
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYytCNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjN1JYSDA	fifafoot banner ad - fifafoot
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0tCNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjukJASDA	PlayScape banner ad - PlayScape
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3NCNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRyI0SDA	A: Amazing_Facts_SDK_2 - A: Amazing_Facts_SDK_2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3tCNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLiZASDA	Castor Man tablet Ad - Castor Man
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY39CNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8_pUSDA	Banner Ad - paino
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjNiNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjy340SDA	freesms banner ad - freesms
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjtiNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC740SDA	 banner ad - JP3-  Girl's Mirror com.adcall.girls_mirror (Girl's Mirror)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsNiNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiM0o8SDA	Christmas Story banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Christmas Story
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu9iNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiEzpMSDA	~1000~ banner ad - JP2 - Spiders My Screen soft.kinoko.spider ~1000~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvtiNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrs6MFDA	iPad Banner Ad 4.2 - Spray Can
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv9iNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjyx5USDA	Singing Santa banner ad - Singing Santa
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0diNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj53I4SDA	CGAME16 - Ancient Mahjong 320x50 - CGAME16 - Ancient Mahjong
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5tiNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk2I0SDA	Smiling Ride BART Full Screen - Smiling Ride BART
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8tiNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihnJQSDA	Android Banner Ad - HeyWire Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9NiNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjK1JYSDA	Japan Trains banner ad - Japan Trains
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhdmNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAxZYSDA	! banner ad - JP3 -DiagShinsengumi com.adcall.DiagShinsengumi !()
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhtmNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA8I0SDA	Test APP banner - Test app iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh9mNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinzpMSDA	PlayScape banner ad - PlayScape
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl9mNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUvo4SDA	iPad Fullscreen Ad - Doodle Bowling
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrdmNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi03JYSDA	TTCsubway_ bannerAd - TTCsubway
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8d-NEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ2I0SDA	Simple Size Converter banner ad - Simple Size Converter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9t-NEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZqOcRDA	Old ad 320x50 - Future Combat - Patriots at War
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2-eNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTuo8SDA	NAmastermind banner ad - NAmastermind
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5ueNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB-JISDA	ios test banner ad - ios test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8ueNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjuo8SDA	Golf Oregon banner ad - Golf Oregon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9OeNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjnk48SDA	Banner Ad - rodeo.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwe-NEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZ540SDA	UFO Videos banner ad - UFO Videos
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzO-NEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjL740SDA	FreeCell :) iPhone - FreeCell :) iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6u-NEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBim6fQIDA	 - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7u-NEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiY5JYSDA	Shape Shift Android Tablet - StartUp Insterstitial - Shape Shift Android Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8O-NEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHsLYJDA	iPad Medium Ad - Universal  BigAnswers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-e-NEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-kfgHDA	interstitial - Framed Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_--NEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiN-JISDA	& banner ad - JP3 -light and clock com.adcall.lightandclock &
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgvCNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjuuo8SDA	Android_Backgammon Gold_320x50 - Backgammon Gold
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlfCNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjuvo4SDA	UTCclock banner ad - UTCclock
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqveNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSwI0SDA	Psycho Knife banner ad - Psycho Knife
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrPeNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBico48SDA	Most Searched banner ad - Most Searched
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtfeNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBia670QDA	Full - Finger Drums
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuPeNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjngpISDA	Banner Ad - GSMAndroidTestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu_eNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi32YEPDA	106 & Park (15% MetroPCS) Banner ad - 106 & Park (MetroPCS)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwPeNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiOrZESDA	VideoPuzzle Free interstitial - VideoPuzzle Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy_eNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0lZESDA	iOS_3D Mahjong_320x50 - 3D Mahjong Mountain
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkf-NEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip940SDA	Man Vs Toilet banner ad - Man Vs Toilet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmf-NEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjawI0SDA	Edge banner ad - Edge
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlYeOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLrZESDA	Couch to 5k banner ad - Couch to 5k
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYloeOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiDmZUSDA	aji.com banner ad - aji.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmYeOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd_pUSDA	Banner Ad - SMS Ticket Slovakia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYroeOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit85ESDA	HulkShare banner ad - HulkShare
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvIeOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi185ESDA	LOOKBOOK banner ad - LOOKBOOK
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4Y6OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5ho4SDA	Advanced Task Killer Froyo banner ad - Advanced Task Killer Froyo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY446OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiS85ESDA	Strike Knight Android Phone - Menu Banner Ad - Strike Knight Android Phone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY646OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6rJESDA	 banner ad - JP3 - History cleaning shop com.adcall.Historycleaningshop 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8Y6OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ-5ESDA	Leaderboard - iPhone: Word Search FREE!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8o6OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig-5ESDA	JadwalTV.Net banner ad - JadwalTV.Net
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0JaOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiT7ZMSDA	iPad Roulette Medium ad - iPad Roulette
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0ZaOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBil2I0SDA	Ooroscope banner ad - Ooroscope
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY35aOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigzuURDA	Top Girl Android - Full Screen Interstitial - Top Girl Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6ZaOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG0I0SDA	Hebus Fullscreen Ad - Hebus
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtp6OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi1no4SDA	iPad Roulette 2 medium Ad - iPad Roulette 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu56OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX7ZMSDA	LFC Connect banner ad - LFC Connect
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxJ6OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLyJUSDA	eky pratama banner ad - eky pratama
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsKaOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_lZESDA	106 & Park Interstitial - 106 & Park
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvaaOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-5I4SDA	Smooth 300x250 - Smooth
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz6aOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiL5Y4SDA	Strike Knight Android Tablet - Menu Banner Ad - Strike Knight Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-aaOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrv_UDDA	Test Leaderboard - TEST
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-qaOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi92Y0SDA	Banner Ad - JASON AWESOME APPPPP
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYga6OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZpo4SDA	POPUP 7 banner ad - POPUP 7
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhK6OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBippo4SDA	mobgo banner ad - mobgo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYja6OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMpo4SDA	Ringtones banner ad - Ringtones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6rWOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB5pASDA	Index Details - Global Stock Markets
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY67WOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA1vcPDA	Test Ads - fileman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8bWOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjY7I4SDA	Tabla banner ad - Tabla
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-7WOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX5Y4SDA	 banner ad - JP3 -peepguardmen com.adcall.peepguardmen ()
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3b2OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiT7ZMSDA	iPad Roulette Full Screen - iPad Roulette
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4b2OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik4IEQDA	Test Banner - Ultimate Control
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5r2OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDm48SDA	Full screen ad - Fat Santa
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_r2OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjA65ESDA	Blendr banner ad - Blendr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_72OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB5Y4SDA	 banner ad - JP3 - Easy app lock com.adcall.EasyAppLock 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYib6OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi32YEPDA	106 & Park (15% MetroPCS) Interstitial - 106 & Park (MetroPCS)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmL6OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLro4SDA	Las frases se House banner ad - Las frases se House
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYor6OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBij85ESDA	teste banner ad - teste 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo76OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd_pUSDA	SMS Ticket Reklama - SMS Ticket Slovakia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpr6OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjx2I0SDA	MoPub Landscape Interstitial - ngCore MoPub Sample
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp76OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjuoY0SDA	StupidApp banner ad - StupidApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqb6OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiL5Y4SDA	Strike Knight Android Tablet - GamePlay Interstitial - Strike Knight Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtr6OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyyOoRDA	Banner Ad (Full) - Constitucion MX Gratis
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzr6OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRk5cSDA	Cover Beauty banner ad - 320x50 Android - Cover Beauty
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1b6OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUvo4SDA	iPad Banner Ad - Doodle Bowling
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2L6OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrh5MSDA	Office Jerk Holiday Edition banner ad - Office Jerk Holiday Edition
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6r6OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLiZASDA	Castor Man banner ad - Castor Man
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8r6OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjduY0SDA	Social Poker Live Interstitial - Social Poker Live
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpc2OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikzY4SDA	Free the Funds banner ad - Free the Funds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYitWOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiizY4SDA	rrg banner ad - rrg
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkNWOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0ypQSDA	CGAME02 - 320 x 50 - CGAME02 - Bubble Pop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY99yOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijgaEQDA	Video Ad - Gravity Guy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-9yOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQ0o8SDA	Groupon banner ad - Groupon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4-SOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0zZMSDA	run banner ad - run
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7uSOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjL7I4SDA	YachtC banner ad - YachtC
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9uSOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi09I4SDA	fiveminutes-iphone banner ad - fiveminutes-iphone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYieWOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjolo4SDA	Interstitial ad - Monster Island
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYluWOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFno4SDA	Pimple Popper Android Banner Ad - Pimple Popper Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmOWOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiE2Y0SDA	Girl's banner ad - JP3 - Peep prevention app (Privacy View Guard)  for Girls com.adcall.peepguardgirl Girl's(
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm-WOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKyo8SDA	iPad Banner Ad - Heywire for iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYneWOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPro4SDA	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoOWOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjr_pUSDA	Villain Screen banner ad - Villain Screen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx-yOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiDro4SDA	mYappA banner ad - mYappA
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyOyOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjn3pASDA	test1 banner ad - test1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyuyOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjL740SDA	FreeCell :) iPad - FreeCell :) iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0OyOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJro4SDA	Crazy Airhorn 2 [New] banner ad - Crazy Airhorn 2 [New]
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0eyOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJwJUSDA	Shave My Face [New] banner ad - Shave My Face [New]
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0-yOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrs6MFDA	Banner Ad 4.2 - Spray Can
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3-yOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj73pASDA	Antonio Recio banner ad - Antonio Recio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5eyOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB9I4SDA	Test Fullscreen - ECOO
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9OyOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-tY4SDA	myYearbook.com - 320 x 50 - Meet New People - myYearbook Flirting & Fun for Friends and Singles of Any Sex
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-uyOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTvo4SDA	A Game With Balls Free banner ad - A Game With Balls Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgO2OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_7I4SDA	Property Calculater banner ad - Property Calculater
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg-2OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip5Y4SDA	Mobile Radio Player banner ad - Mobile Radio Player
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqfSOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB7I4SDA	 banner ad - JP3 - Nadeshiko (Japanese Kimono Girl) hand mirror com.adcall.nadeshiko_mirror 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs_SOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0po4SDA	Christ Embassy Hawaii banner ad - Christ Embassy Hawaii
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu_SOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjo_JMSDA	Test Banner Ad - Elevation Now
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvfSOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmwI0SDA	Banner Ad for android golf wa - Golf Washington Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkfyOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq9I4SDA	 banner ad - JP3 - Boy's mirror com.adcall.boys_mirror 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgYSPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5m48SDA	Fail Compilation banner ad - Fail Compilation
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjISPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLrZESDA	ADmob - Couch to 5k
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjYSPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMg6sQDA	Fullscreen Ad - Guitar For Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkISPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifxpMSDA	alfatanggo banner ad - alfatanggo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYloSPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihxpMSDA	Bunny Test - Bunny NinjasTM
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmoSPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirxpMSDA	iOS_Tic Tac Toe_320x50 - Tic Tac Toe Glow
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoISPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRlI8SDA	(auone) banner ad - (auone)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzZOPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUwI0SDA	Business banner ad - Business
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0JOPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiT7ZMSDA	second Medium ad - iPad Roulette
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1ZOPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvi48SDA	 banner ad - JP2 - Kisss me more oft.kinoko.games.action.chopper 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5ZOPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3oJUSDA	Free Tamil Radio Online banner ad - Free Tamil Radio Online
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9ZOPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE940SDA	Demo banner ad - Demo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-JOPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFoZUSDA	fifafoot banner ad - fifafoot
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-5OPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmqY0SDA	Sound Meter banner ad - Sound Meter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgZSPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjK940SDA	() banner ad - JP3 - Callblockingpenguin com.adcall.Callblockingpenguin ()
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiJSPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjN940SDA	reza.com banner ad - reza.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjZSPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjguY0SDA	Top of Screen Banner (iPhone Retina) - Pocket BMX Lite iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj5SPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjAxJESDA	(auone) banner ad - (auone)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt5uPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipqY0SDA	Prank Videos banner ad - Prank Videos
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYupuPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLipISDA	Ballistics banner ad - Ballistics
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxJuPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDm48SDA	Fat Santa banner ad - Fat Santa
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYypuPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjo_JMSDA	AMoAd Banner - Elevation Now
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0ZuPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBqY0SDA	 banner ad - JP3 -AliceClear com.adcall.AliceClear 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1puPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjnk48SDA	rodeo.com banner ad - rodeo.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY15uPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBji7I4SDA	Banner Ad - best88.wapdale.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2ZuPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiai5cSDA	lucky you banner ad - lucky you
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3JuPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWqY0SDA	Paper Glider Holidays Banner ad - Paper Glider Holidays
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3ZuPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjwk48SDA	Stick Cricket - menu banner - Stick Cricket Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY55uPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixrNIRDA	Test - Formspring.me
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnqOPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBido48SDA	Droid Streamer banner ad - Droid Streamer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiKuPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjq5I4SDA	Tablet Ad - Spades for Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiquPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivyo8SDA	Top Trumps James Bond 007 banner ad - Top Trumps James Bond 007
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnauPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxso8SDA	test banner ad - Scary Christmas Snowman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqquPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTyo8SDA	Most Beautiful Women banner ad - Most Beautiful Women
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6bKPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBq48SDA	TestApp banner ad - iTM
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7rKPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_yo8SDA	Homer Simpson banner ad - Homer Simpson
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3LqPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijk4QRDA	Slice it! begins Interstitial - Slice It! Begins
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4rqPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiT6toQDA	Tower Town - Energy No Refill - 300x250 as Interstitial - Tower Town
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6bqPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk740SDA	MobiMasti banner ad - MobiMasti
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8rqPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiG8I0SDA	Eggcitement Lite! banner ad - Eggcitement Lite!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwsKPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBih-Y8SDA	Fake-Call Me banner ad - Fake-Call Me
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYosqPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiR9pASDA	SMS ClassicView banner ad - SMS ClassicView
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqsqPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipyo8SDA	Remember Banner - Remember Banner Version
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYssqPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiV6pQSDA	imo.im banner ad - imo instant messenger
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt8qPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjyx5USDA	Fullscreen Ad - Singing Santa
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuMqPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	ousamagame - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu8qPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTh6cRDA	Banner Ad iPhone - Electric Guitar!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwsqPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmoY0SDA	corehard.wapath.com banner ad - corehard.wapath.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzcqPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFno4SDA	Pimple Popper Android Interstitial  Ad - Pimple Popper Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkdKPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCyI0SDA	Banner Ad - arcadegame
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY89mPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiM1Y4SDA	Raging Thunder Ingame Banner  - Raging Thunder Ingame
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgeKPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOkpISDA	david.com banner ad - david.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiuKPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjh97YRDA	iPad Full Screen - Bass Guitar! iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj-KPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6__EQDA	|||0004||shin_sarariman_kintaro - Android title apps 001|
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwumPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9gJASDA	Wedding Happy Chinese banner ad - Wedding Happy Chinese
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx-mPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiT6toQDA	Tower Town - Game Launch - 300x250 as Interstitial - Tower Town
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyemPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj64Y8SDA	HokieHelper banner ad - HokieHelper
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzemPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicq48SDA	david.com banner ad - david.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz-mPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjO6Y8SDA	Full Screen Ad - Electric Guitar! for Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0OmPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiL5Y4SDA	Strike Knight Android Tablet - StartUp Interstitial - Strike Knight Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0-mPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH8Y8SDA	eky banner ad - eky
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrPGPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEi-MRDA	history_banner_ad_320x50 - SpeedDate Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuvGPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXq48SDA	 banner ad - JP3 -Private view protector com.adcall.peepguard ()
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvvGPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHgZASDA	Mauricio Colmenero banner ad - Mauricio Colmenero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz_GPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjn5gSDA	Abandoned City banner ad - Abandoned City
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo_mPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjngpISDA	GSMAndroidTestApp banner ad - GSMAndroidTestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqvmPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip-Y8SDA	CGAME08 - Cake Rush 320x50 - CGAME08 - Cake Rush
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs_mPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtgpISDA	sansan.com banner ad - sansan.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwPmPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj86JcSDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgIGQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRq48SDA	Coffee Grinder banner ad - Coffee Grinder
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4YiQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSvY4SDA	~1000~ banner ad - JP2 - Roaches My Screen soft.kinoko.roach ~1000~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4oiQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip65ESDA	MeMap banner ad - MeMap
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY54iQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv65ESDA	Pray Always iPhone banner ad - Pray Always
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiomQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi2h44SDA	Hindi Radio Online banner ad - Free Hindi Radio Online
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjYmQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5h44SDA	my posted faq banner ad - my posted faq
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY05CQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiblJQSDA	Ultimaze banner ad - Ultimaze
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY35CQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTh6cRDA	Full Screen Ad - Electric Guitar!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY45CQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUwJUSDA	Banner Ad - Hawaiian Words iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9ZCQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz7MMPDA	Sudoku HD  - Inter-Puzzle Interstitial - Sudoku HD 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_pCQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi2zpMSDA	TTCsubway banner ad - TTCsubway
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpqCQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi1lJQSDA	Project Pet Love banner ad - Project Pet Love
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi6iQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiovssPDA	Sudoku - Inter-puzzle Interstitial - Sudoku 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkaiQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1u-cRDA	Headline - 123 Car Insurance
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk6iQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihtZYSDA	STG01 banner ad - STG01
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlqiQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7x5USDA	Social Girl - Prestitial -Full Screen Interstitial - Social Girl
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnKiQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj53I4SDA	CGAME16 - Ancient Mahjong 728x90 - CGAME16 - Ancient Mahjong
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoqiQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKyo8SDA	iOS Banner Ad - Heywire for iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpaiQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxkJASDA	Slice it! Begins iOS (Japan) banner ad - Slice it! Begins iOS (Japan)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5reQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibk5cSDA	Jock My Fresh banner ad - Jock My Fresh
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyL-QEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi1u5QSDA	Cineappolis banner ad - Cineappolis
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyr-QEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4-Y8SDA	Hospital Story banner ad - 320x50 Android - Pixel Hospital
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk8-QEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj41pASDA	USA TODAY - 320 x 50 - USA TODAY
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmc-QEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjAsJUSDA	Wave Blazer Ingame banner ad - Wave Blazer Ingame
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYms-QEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEsJUSDA	Hanuman chalisa banner ad - Hanuman chalisa
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp8-QEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitnJQSDA	bigsby! banner ad - bigsby!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-taQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidnqERDA	iOS_Test App_320x480 - Backgammon Gold 1.7.1 argh
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiteQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimz5ASDA	Tiny Invaders phone interstitial ad - Tiny Invaders
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj9eQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqz5ASDA	BIG CHEESE HD banner ad - BIG CHEESE HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6t6QEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp3pASDA	Crazy Snowboard 320x50 Banner - Crazy Snowboard
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY896QEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMwJUSDA	Test app banner ad - Test app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg9-QEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_rJESDA	Leaderboard Ad - Hawaiian Words
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYht-QEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiArZESDA	Golf washington banner ad - test old does not do anything
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw-aQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiY9pASDA	Raging Thunder Interstitial Ad - Raging Thunder Interstitials
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyeaQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHyo8SDA	My Kingdom (iPad) banner ad - My Kingdom (iPad)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqe6QEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB5pASDA	Index List - Global Stock Markets
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm_aQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7_ZASDA	nearby banner ad - nearby
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpPaQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-8ZQSDA	Mad Skills Motocross banner ad - Mad Skills Motocross
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx_aQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi2wJUSDA	SoundHound 320x50 - SoundHound
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsZWREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBja4Y8SDA	Dominoes banner ad - Dominoes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYspWREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi1kpISDA	TAPSYNC banner ad - TAPSYNC
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvJWREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7lZESDA	QA banner ad - QA
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1ZWREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7x5USDA	Social Girl - Post-Load - 300x250 as Interstitial - Social Girl
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7JWREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ-5ESDA	Medium - iPhone: Word Search FREE!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7ZWREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA8I0SDA	Test APP interstitial - Test app iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgJaREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfgZUSDA	qubo.gr banner ad 2 - qubo.gr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhJaREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_gJgSDA	(auone) banner ad - (auone)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhZaREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhuY0SDA	 (android) banner ad - JP6 - scoutlegend jp.co.megames.scout (android)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhpaREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH-Y8SDA	Banner Ad for iPhone - Drums HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnp2REgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-5I4SDA	320x50 Banner Ad - Smooth
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoJ2REgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7x5USDA	Social Girl - Post-Date - 300x250 as Interstitial - Social Girl
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoZ2REgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_x5USDA	bambang sutejo banner ad - bambang sutejo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqJ2REgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0kJASDA	Mulher Dicas banner ad - Mulher Dicas
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrJ2REgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBieyZISDA	OkCupid - 320 x 50 - OkCupid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs52REgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikyJUSDA	TWILIGHT LABYRINTH(auone) banner ad - TWILIGHT LABYRINTH(auone)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiKWREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-8ZQSDA	Interstitial Ad - Mad Skills Motocross
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8qyREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBin9pASDA	CNN App for iPhone (U.S.) - 320 x 50 - CNN App for iPhone (U.S.)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY96yREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA-5ESDA	Wave Blazer Menus banner ad - Wave Blazer Menus
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-6yREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjAvJESDA	Four In A Line Free - 320x50 - Four In A Line Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_KyREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBvJESDA	StruggleCode banner ad - StruggleCode
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiK2REgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHrZESDA	Zina banner ad - Zina
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj62REgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiOrZESDA	VideoPuzzle Free banner - VideoPuzzle Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpq2REgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv-5ESDA	(auone) banner ad - (auone)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY07SREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6v5ASDA	Pray Always banner ad - Pray Always
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxbyREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6__EQDA	|||0003||ousamagame - Android title apps 001|
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxryREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUh44SDA	SmartAds - SMS Parking Slovakia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYocSREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjsuI0SDA	endurance info mobile banner ad - endurance info mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqcSREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7x5USDA	Social Girl - Post-Gesture - 300x250 as Interstitial - Social Girl
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqsSREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmwI0SDA	Golf Washington banner ad for android - Golf Washington Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr8SREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTkpISDA	300x250 - Sally's Studio Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsMSREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtwI0SDA	wahyu banner ad - wahyu
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYusSREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiElI8SDA	iOS_Reverse It!_320x50 - Reverse It!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvcSREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjV15USDA	download banner ad - download
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwcSREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH-Y8SDA	Full Screen Ad - Drums HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwsSREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd27UCDA	LIVE / Rectangle - tTorrent Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjsyREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNkJASDA	droidad banner ad - droidad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkcyREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibnZESDA	TT banner - Tiny Timer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5duREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTwJUSDA	Leaderboard Ad - Hawaiian Names
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw-OREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiS85ESDA	Strike Knight Android Phone - GamePlay Interstitial - Strike Knight Android Phone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxeOREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiDro4SDA	Banner Ad - mYappA
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyeOREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQ740SDA	Spiritual & Fenomenal banner ad - Spiritual & Fenomenal
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyuOREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjT740SDA	Test Android App banner ad - Test Android App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy-OREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiDzpMSDA	GSMTestApp banner ad - GSMTestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0eOREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiw0skRDA	300x250 Ad for Android - I Am Awesome
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3OOREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfnsURDA	Banner Ad iPhone - Taiko - Japanese Drums
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6uOREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiD_ZMSDA	SIx towers HD banner ad - SIx towers HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtOuREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk_5ISDA	Social Watch banner ad - Social Watch
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYteuREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiW85ESDA	WebMD - 320 x 50 - WebMD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyOuREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjv540SDA	Web01 banner ad - Web01
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy-uREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiOvo4SDA	kodok hejo banner ad - kodok hejo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6OuREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUvo4SDA	Doodle  Bowling 320x50 - Doodle Bowling
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9-uREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWuY0SDA	alfatanggo banner ad - alfatanggo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-OuREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjauY0SDA	SkyTrain_bannerAd - SkyTrain
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk_OREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiS85ESDA	Strike Knight Android Phone - GamePlay Banner ad - Strike Knight Android Phone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnPOREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib85ESDA	Stellar Escape banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Stellar Escape
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoPOREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRh44SDA	Golf Washington banner ad - Golf Washington iphone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYofOREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUh44SDA	SMS Parking Reklama - SMS Parking Slovakia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt_OREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi285ESDA	Jump N Roll MainScreen - Jump N Roll
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY__qREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQhJQSDA	Mobile UX Bangalore banner ad - Mobile UX Bangalore
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiPuREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiH-5ESDA	Banner Ad - Animal Translate Lite iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjvuREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtgpISDA	Banner Ad - sansan.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkPuREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitm8wRDA	Full Screen Ad - Bass Guitar! for Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkvuREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBim85ESDA	fifafoot banner ad - fifafoot
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYovuREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiph44SDA	SMS Walk banner ad - SMS Walk
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq_uREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqhJQSDA	Castor Man Lite banner ad - Castor Man Xmas Edition
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrvuREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiOiZASDA	Easy housekeeping book banner ad - JP3 -housekeepingbook adc.club.housekeepingbook 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6oKSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWq48SDA	 banner ad - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8YKSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiE4o8SDA	Hotness Meter banner ad - Hotness Meter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyYqSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiS85ESDA	Strike Knight Android Phone - StartUp Interstitial - Strike Knight Android Phone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtJKSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizkpISDA	Photoswap banner ad - PhotoSwap
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvpKSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdsZISDA	FriendCaster for Facebook - 320 x 50 - FriendCaster for Facebook
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw5KSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz4Y8SDA	Groupon banner ad - Groupon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy5KSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjc3ZMSDA	Sales_Script banner ad - Sales_Script
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzZKSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiS5JYSDA	Go Go Gig Harbor Android banner ad - Go Go Gig Harbor Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY15KSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9p5gSDA	OkCupid RTB_Android - 320 x 50 - OkCupid RTB_Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3JKSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqhJQSDA	Castor Man Lite tablet Ad - Castor Man Xmas Edition
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6qmSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSrpMSDA	Sound Roulette banner ad - Sound Roulette
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7KmSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPmY0SDA	100% banner ad - JP3 - SignalMeasurement com.adcall.SignalMeasurement 100%
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2LGSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijmpISDA	Fifafoot banner ad - Fifafoot
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8LGSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi2q4kRDA	Banner Ad Test - Spray Can Wallpaper
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp8GSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpkJASDA	Banner Ad - mobitrick.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtMGSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfgZUSDA	qubo.gr banner ad 1 - qubo.gr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlMmSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiR4ZcSDA	goldenw3 banner ad - goldenw3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoMmSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjN940SDA	Banner Ad - reza.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY49iSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLxpMSDA	iOS_Spin the Bottle_728x90 - Spin the Bottle Party Fun
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6diSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjto5QSDA	Party RGV banner ad - Party RGV
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7tiSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBie-Y8SDA	~1000~ banner ad - JP2 - Centipedes My Screen soft.kinoko.centipede ~1000~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9diSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBir-Y8SDA	(  ) !!!!! banner ad - JP3 - Itazura Kita com.adcall.ItazuraKita (  )!!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_diSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0-Y8SDA	Test Mopub  fullscreen ad - Test Mopub
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_9iSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjO6Y8SDA	Electric Guitar! for Android banner ad - Electric Guitar! for Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwuCSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB4JISDA	Asteroids:Gunner 320x50 (iphone) - Asteroids: Gunner
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw-CSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPhI8SDA	Angry Birds banner ad - Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-veSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUuo8SDA	Bear SMS Scheduler Banner - Bear SMS Scheduler Pro
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_PeSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv65ESDA	iPad Banner Ad - Pray Always
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_feSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNh5MSDA	Apps Roulette banner ad - Apps Roulette
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkviSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjK5ZMSDA	Santa Vs Elves Fullscreen Ad - Santa vs Elves
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_f-SEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz65ESDA	320x50 - ring-ring.tk
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY04eTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidp5EJDA	106 & Park Banner (AdMob Native) - 106 & Park
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1YeTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiw0skRDA	Banner Ad - I Am Awesome
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3oeTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjouo8SDA	tester.com banner ad - tester.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4oeTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjU65ESDA	IDG Tech Network_RTB_mWeb - 320 x 50 - IDG Tech Network
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7YeTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3mpcSDA	Friday Girl TV banner ad - Friday Girl TV
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsY-TEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB4JISDA	Asteroids:Gunner 728x90 (ipad) - Asteroids: Gunner
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoJeTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWkJASDA	! banner ad - JP3 - BatteryMan com.adcall.BatteryMan !
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4q6TEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDpo4SDA	Photosyn banner ad - PhotoSync - wirelessly transfers your photos and videos
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY766TEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6__EQDA	|||0005||Sekiryuoh - Android title apps 001|
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjMaTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLxpMSDA	iOS_Spin the Bottle_320x50 - Spin the Bottle Party Fun
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlMaTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjGqY0SDA	Leaderboard Ad - Animal Translate Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYncaTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBim6fQIDA	Banner Ad - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9c2TEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi1mJASDA	My Car Salon Christmas banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - My Car Salon Christmas
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgc6TEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIoY0SDA	Ping Pong banner ad - Ping Pong
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhc6TEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiT6toQDA	Tower Town - Game Launch - Full Screen Interstitial - Tower Town
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhs6TEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjo_JMSDA	Elevation Now banner ad - Elevation Now
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjc6TEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjeqJUSDA	Groupon banner ad - Groupon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj86TEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiD5Y4SDA	Amador Rivas banner ad - Amador Rivas
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkM6TEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiE5Y4SDA	Torrente banner ad - Torrente
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq86TEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqzpMSDA	Quipper Quiz banner ad - Quipper Quiz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr86TEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_4ukDDA	Game Table Bottom Right - ZEN Poker Beta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3NWTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtqZISDA	mYappA banner ad - mYappA
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY49WTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidnqERDA	iOS_Test App_1024x768 - Backgammon Gold 1.7.1 argh
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwt2TEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1uI0SDA	kosmostudio banner ad - kosmostudio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxN2TEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBido48SDA	DS Tablet Leaderboard - Droid Streamer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyN2TEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjr3pASDA	TVguide.co.uk iPad banner ad - TV Guide for iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqeWTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMmY0SDA	G4A: Go Fish! banner ad - G4A: Go Fish!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtuWTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCvo4SDA	PetHunter2_2 banner ad - PetHunter2_2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwuWTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB5ZMSDA	UTC clock banner ad - UTC clock
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx-WTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBicgS4M	Skyscrapper - Knots
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyeWTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNvo4SDA	The World of Magic_Android (Japan) banner ad - The World of Magic_Android (Japan)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn-2TEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjolo4SDA	Monster Island banner ad - Monster Island
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoe2TEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjr8JcSDA	ridhoputra banner ad - ridhoputra
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo-2TEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBif2Y0SDA	iWallpaper HD banner ad - iWallpaper HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpO2TEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJno4SDA	MyFunPeeps banner ad - MyFunPeeps
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpe2TEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj68JcSDA	MyDirections banner ad - MyDirections
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9_yTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTkpISDA	320x480 Landscape - Sally's Studio Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-PyTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjywZcSDA	Angry Birds Banner - Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY24SUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjziJASDA	Finger Scanner Lock Screen banner ad - Finger Scanner Lock Screen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3oSUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiY5JYSDA	Shape Shift Android Tablet - GamePlay Interstitial - Shape Shift Android Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6ISUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBim-5ESDA	Candle banner ad - Candle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY74SUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj965ESDA	 ~~(auone) banner ad -  ~~(auone)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtoyUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii9pASDA	alienware banner ad - alienware
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvIyUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk2I0SDA	Smiling Ride BART Full Screen Tablet - Smiling Ride BART
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwIyUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBittZYSDA	GarajeLabs Android Apps list banner ad - GarajeLabs Android Apps list
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwoyUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiD8pQSDA	 banner ad - JP3 - SoundsettingofLadybug com.adcall.SoundsettingofLadybug 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmZSUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFqJASDA	Currency Exchange banner ad - Currency Exchange
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn5SUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihl5MSDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYspSUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7g5cSDA	SGN Golf - 320 x 50 - SGN Golf
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu5SUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0qJASDA	 (auone) banner ad -  (auone)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi5yUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj-ZQSDA	Jack i lantern banner ad - Jack-i-lantern
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnZyUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiDmZUSDA	Banner Ad - aji.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYopyUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiY5JYSDA	Shape Shift Android Tablet - Menu Banner Ad - Shape Shift Android Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp5yUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjh97YRDA	iPad Leaderboard - Bass Guitar! iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtJyUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH-Y8SDA	Leaderboard Ad - Drums HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuZyUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8_pUSDA	paino banner ad - paino
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY76OUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLwO8PDA	Full Screen Ad - Finger Drums Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgqSUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinq48SDA	Wayang Force Book and Magazine Reader for iPad on the iTunes App Store banner ad - Wayang Force Book and Magazine Reader for iPad on the iTunes App Store
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiKSUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7q48SDA	(auone) banner ad - (auone)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwbOUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDyI0SDA	david.com banner ad - david.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxbOUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG0I0SDA	Hebus banner ad - Hebus
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzbOUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjT0I0SDA	PlayScape banner ad - PlayScape
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz7OUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSk5cSDA	Test App banner ad - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1rOUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3tZYSDA	TTCsubway banner ad - TTCsubway
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr7uUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7x5USDA	Social Girl - Post-Date - Full Screen Interstitial - Social Girl
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi8OUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjq5I4SDA	Spades for Android banner ad - Spades for Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYksOUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiw9I4SDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8cqUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBji5I4SDA	TyTokens - TyTokens
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_cqUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiW7ZMSDA	 for Girls banner ad - JP3 - Taskmanager for Girls com.adcall.TaskManager_Girls  for Girls
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2dKUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiP1Y4SDA	Bulba The Cat banner ad - 320x50 Android - Bulba The Cat
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3tKUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7s5QSDA	Hospital Story Banner Ad - 320x50 Android - ER Story (Hospital Story)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5dKUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBickZUSDA	~1000~ banner ad - JP2 - Bees My Screen soft.kinoko.bee ~1000~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtuKUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB3Y4SDA	 banner ad - JP3 - Appli Guar dMan com.adcall.AppliGuardMan 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvuKUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6__EQDA	|||0007||Orenosora_keijihen - Android title apps 001|
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmuqUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimtZYSDA	Estela Reynolds banner ad - Estela Reynolds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoOqUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTkpISDA	320x480 - Sally's Studio Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpOqUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjM5pASDA	 banner ad - JP3 - smartoptimize com.adcall.smartoptimize 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh_KUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrh5MSDA	Office Jerk Holiday Edition Interstitial - Office Jerk Holiday Edition
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiPKUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6__EQDA	|||0006|| Kazenojin - Android title apps 001|
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyYGVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBq48SDA	TestApp medium ad - iTM
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyoGVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB1JYSDA	ACT01 banner ad - ACT01
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzYGVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCyI0SDA	arcadegame banner ad - arcadegame
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0oGVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjwk48SDA	Stick Cricket - post-match banner - Stick Cricket Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1IGVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjL1JYSDA	Test Mobile Site banner ad - Test Mobile Site
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4YGVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjf1JYSDA	Four in a Row Free - Game Board Screen - Four in a Row
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY54GVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm1JYSDA	(android) banner ad - JP6 - h_butting jp.co.megames.baseball(android)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6IGVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjn1JYSDA	 ~~(android) banner ad - JP6 - scoutlegend jp.co.megames.scout ~~(android)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyImVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0jo4SDA	Android RTB - 320 x 50 - Android RTB
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyYmVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-_pUSDA	iPad Memory Medium 2 - iPad Memory
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn5GVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj2rp4RDA	Checkers Free - Launch Interstitial - Checkers Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo5GVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ-5ESDA	Medium Main Menu - iPhone: Word Search FREE!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpZGVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBji1JYSDA	Baccalaureat Lite banner ad - Baccalaureat Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhZmVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ-5ESDA	Medium - iPhone: Word Search FREE!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7aCVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidp5EJDA	106 & Park Interstitial (AdMob Native) - 106 & Park
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_aCVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicq48SDA	Banner Ad - david.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_qCVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjsk48SDA	david.com banner ad - david.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjqGVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAlI8SDA	Cat's Brightness changer banner ad - JP2 - Cat's Brightness Changer soft.kinoko.setbrightness.cat 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj6GVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUvo4SDA	Fullscreen 320x480 - Doodle Bowling
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1qiVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVq48SDA	Ozzy's Odyssey - Ozzy's Odyssey
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu7CVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6sJUSDA	www.innova.sk banner ad - www.innova.sk
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyLCVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk2I0SDA	Banner Ad Tablet - Smiling Ride BART
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYybCVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3hpYSDA	LOVELY TRASH BOX banner ad - JP3 - LOVELY TRASH BOX com.adcall.Lovelytrashbox LOVELY TRASH BOX
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzLCVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiG15ASDA	Top US News banner ad - Top US News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpriVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjV3ZMSDA	Set Brightness banner ad - JP2 - Set Brightness (free) soft.kinoko.setbrightness  
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsLiVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiouY0SDA	 banner ad - JP3 - Wonderful_Onetouch com.adcall.Wonderful_Onetouch  
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsbiVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQkpISDA	MW3 Games-247 banner ad - MW3 Games-247
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsriVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTkpISDA	Sally's Studio Lite banner ad - Sally's Studio Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpMCVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjv25ESDA	A Game With Balls Free banner ad - A Game With Balls Free 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYssCVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSvJESDA	Snake & Ladder for Kids Lite banner ad - Snake & Ladder for Kids Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuMCVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiynZESDA	Project Missing Video Promo - Project Missing
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY98eVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib7ZMSDA	Haunt apps banner ad - Haunt apps
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-MeVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRwJUSDA	app2 banner ad - app2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_MeVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiy4pQSDA	Golf Oregon banner ad - Golf Oregon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_ceVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidjpYSDA	Mejores Chistes banner ad - Mejores Chistes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg8iVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyu5QSDA	Banner Ad - nguprus.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh8iVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRyZISDA	ChelseaChelsea banner ad - ChelseaChelsea
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiMiVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjx2I0SDA	MoPub Banner - ngCore MoPub Sample
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjsiVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBionJQSDA	iOS_Memorize_728x90 - Memorize - Matching Cards
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkciVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjwzPMPDA	Banner Ad for iPhone - Guitar!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoMiVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBin7ZMSDA	 banner ad - JP3 - Simple Mute com.adcall.simplemute 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo8iVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijyZISDA	(auone) banner ad - (auone) 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyNeVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipuY0SDA	VideoPuzzle Free iPad banner - VideoPuzzle Free iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY09eVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4lZESDA	Minesweeper banner ad - Minesweeper
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4_aVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBji9pUSDA	Dress To Impress: Christmas Edition banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Dress To Impress: Xmas Edition
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6PaVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjk48SDA	Groupon banner ad - Groupon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7faVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-u5gPDA	War Free - Launch Interstitial - War Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0P6VEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjelo4SDA	Secret Folder Banner Ad iPad - Secret Folder
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0v6VEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicz5ASDA	rockstars87.madpath.com banner ad - rockstars87.madpath.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1P6VEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBji7I4SDA	best88.wapdale.com banner ad - best88.wapdale.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2f6VEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBk5cSDA	Couch to 5k banner ad - Couch to 5k
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2_6VEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQqY0SDA	zahira banner ad - zahira
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4P6VEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTkpISDA	300x250 - Sally's Studio Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4v6VEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj62I0SDA	www.clou.sk banner ad - www.clou.sk
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7f6VEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRro4SDA	Eggcitement Lite! banner ad - Eggcitement Lite!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-_6VEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiGto4SDA	goldenglobe banner ad - goldenglobe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgP-VEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJhpYSDA	Tie banner ad - Tie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwIaWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_hpYSDA	RSSReader banner ad - RSSReader
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwYaWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4-LMJDA	ipad medium ad - Universal Riddle 500 i
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyoaWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi92Y0SDA	JASON AWESOME APPPPP fullscreen - JASON AWESOME APPPPP
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmo6WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZjpYSDA	Traffic Panic banner ad - Traffic Panic
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnI6WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7x5USDA	Social Girl - Post-Gesture - Full Screen Interstitial - Social Girl
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvq2WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjelo4SDA	Secret Folder Banner Ad iPhone - Secret Folder
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwK2WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-x5USDA	Carmen de Mairena banner ad - Carmen de Mairena
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwq2WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBrZYSDA	sutejo text - sutejo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxq2WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiL5Y4SDA	Strike Knight Android Tablet - GamePlay Banner Ad - Strike Knight Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY062WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjK5ZMSDA	Santa vs Elves banner ad - Santa vs Elves
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2a2WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYoo0SDA	Pirate Sub banner ad - 320x50 Android - Pirate Sub
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3K2WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj28JcSDA	iOS RTB - 320 x 50 - iOS RTB
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpLWWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit9pASDA	El Luisma banner ad - El Lusima
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrLWWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB8pQSDA	 banner ad - JP3 - maid's uninstall com.adcall.okatazukemaide 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtrWWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiM8pQSDA	jhon banner ad - jhon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8sSWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk2I0SDA	Smiling Ride BART banner ad - Smiling Ride BART
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9MSWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_3I4SDA	zahira banner ad - zahira
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-MSWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3xJYSDA	Blendr Banner Ad - Blendr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgsWWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBxZYSDA	Sudoku Free - 320x50 - Sudoku Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw9SWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi50I0SDA	Go Go Gig Harbor iphone banner ad - Go Go Gig Harbor iphone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY09SWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiD86QQDA	Banner Ad - Lose Weight Hypnosis
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1NSWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixrNIRDA	FS_IOS_300x250 - Formspring.me
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1dSWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0lc4PDA	Move it! - Inter-Puzzle Interstitial - Move it!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2tSWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPyI0SDA	Slice it! Free_Android (Japan) banner ad - Slice it! Free_Android (Japan)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4NSWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpt5ASDA	lampungwap banner ad - lampungwap
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkeSWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZlZESDA	brokoli.com banner ad - brokoli.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoeSWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLk4UNDA	Banner Ad - m.daiboms.blog.hu
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_OuWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_5ZMSDA	Tester.com banner ad - Tester.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYheyWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjyrpMSDA	Invaders Must Die banner ad - Invaders Must Die
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuIOXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3xJYSDA	Blendr Fullscreen Ad - Blendr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmYuXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyu5QSDA	nguprus.com banner ad - nguprus.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoIuXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBionJQSDA	iOS_Memorize_320x50 - Memorize - Matching Cards
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqIuXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJno4SDA	Loading bar AD - MyFunPeeps
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq4uXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBid3pgSDA	TWILIGHT LABYRINTH(android) banner ad - TWILIGHT LABYRINTH(android)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhZOXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixvo4SDA	bandaaceh banner ad - bandaaceh
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlJOXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj37I4SDA	kocer banner ad - kocer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmJOXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSs5QSDA	Spy Binoculars banner ad - Spy Binoculars
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYopOXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzvo4SDA	GDF - queries banner ad - GDF - queries
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY65qXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0-Y8SDA	InterstitialAd - Test Mopub
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_pqXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8uo8SDA	(android) banner ad - JP6 - sanctuary jp.co.megames.decida(android)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2KKXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjXopcSDA	puspitasari banner ad - puspitasari
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY36KXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig5JYSDA	OkCupid mWeb - 320 x 50 - OkCupid RTB_mWeb
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4qKXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz25ESDA	Destructopus banner ad - Destructopus: Total Rampage!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6qKXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9gJgSDA	bestjatt banner ad - bestjatt
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuqqXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5qpcSDA	boxing banner ad - boxing
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7fCXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOrZYSDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8fCXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii5Y4SDA	myTestApp banner ad - myTestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtICYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjh97YRDA	Banner Ad - Bass Guitar! iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu4CYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6vpgSDA	kamto banner ad - kamto
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4p-YEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjb6Y8SDA	testdesuyo banner ad - testedesuyo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_r6YEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBgJgSDA	 banner ad - JP2 - moetun soft.kinoko.moetun 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2saYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_4ukDDA	Game Table Bottom Left - ZEN Poker Beta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3saYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd27UCDA	LIVE / Leaderboard - tTorrent Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxs6YEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixwJUSDA	Frases de Ralph banner ad - Frases de Ralph
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyc6YEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikrZESDA	SoundHound 320x50 - SoundHound
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy86YEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinrZESDA	top news banner ad - top news
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkt6YEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiR3pgSDA	smobinews.blogspot.com banner ad - smobinews.blogspot.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYld6YEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7u5QSDA	Star Rocket banner ad - Star Rocket
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm96YEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj99pUSDA	STMetro_ bannerAd - STMetro
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5u2YEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjb5ZMSDA	(android) banner ad - JP6 - h_jungle jp.co.megames.hjungle(android)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6O2YEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimz5ASDA	Tiny Invaders tablet interstitial ad - Tiny Invaders
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm4WZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdkpISDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuaSZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-_pUSDA	iPad Memory Medium 1 - iPad Memory
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkduZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9pJkSDA	~~ banner ad - JP3 - kantanhusen com.adcclub.kantanhusen.wa ~~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYktuZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiy2Y0SDA	~~ banner ad - ~~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk9uZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiz2Y0SDA	Hello Kitty Beauty Salon (Paid) banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Hello Kitty Beauty Salon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmNuZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBio7ZMSDA	(android) banner ad - JP6 - h_golf jp.co.megames.h_golf(android)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmduZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip7ZMSDA	(android) banner ad - JP6 - h_zabuton jp.co.megames.h_zabuton(android)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnNuZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3po4SDA	simply-solitaire (iPhone) Banner Ad - Simply-Solitaire
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuqGaEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5jKESDA	Paper Glider VS Gnomes iPhone banner ad - Paper Glider vs. Gnomes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjrGaEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjK4J8SDA	BLITS banner ad - BLITS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8biaEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJsZoSDA	Equations 2` banner ad - Equations 2`
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk9iaEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRz50SDA	Formula Calculator Free banner ad - Formula Calculator Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYltiaEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRjZ4SDA	i_Magic Tree_300X250 - i_Magic Tree
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-d-aEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiR2JoSDA	Farkle Addict : 10,000 Dice Casino Deluxe - 320 x 50 - Farkle Addict : 10,000 Dice Casino Deluxe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYze-aEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSyZ8SDA	Corporate Banner - News Republic iPhone Corporate
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmf-aEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix95oSDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpaabEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFuZ8SDA	UTCclock_ bannerAd - UTCclock
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqaabEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA2pwSDA	qubo.gr banner ad 1 - qubo.gr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrM2bEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVv80HDA	Matchoffs - Leagues View Banner - MatchOff
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYldWbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU1ZsSDA	Sumoku banner ad - Sumoku
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzeybEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiG_p0SDA	RTB - 320 x 50 - RTB
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0OybEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA2pwSDA	qubo.gr banner ad 3 - qubo.gr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmvybEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJ5p0SDA	YamSlam Banner Ad - YamSlam
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg4ScEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiChJwSDA	YamSlam Banner Ad - YamSlam
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1JOcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix654SDA	mobifuns banner ad - mobifuns
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY15OcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1spwSDA	Android Fullscreen Tablet - Warp Dash Dev Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrqOcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi795oSDA	UTCclock banner ad - UTCclock
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2bqcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9_KkQDA	Market Link - Nat Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2rqcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjawJoSDA	PuppetFace banner ad (320x50) - PuppetFace
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw8KcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_iZ8RDA	Full Screen Ad Guitar!HD - Guitar! HD for iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrsqcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA2pwSDA	qubo.gr banner ad 2 - qubo.gr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_9mcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbrqASDA	roy - roy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyemcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixnbILDA	Amazon App Store (3.3+, w/o AdSense) - Scanner Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsfGcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixnbILDA	Android Market (3.3+, w/o AdSense) - Scanner Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmfmcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixnbILDA	Generic (3.3+, w/o AdSense) - Scanner Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgYGdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjguY0SDA	End of Game Interstitial (iPhone Retina) Not Used - Pocket BMX Lite iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgoGdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1spwSDA	Top Rect - Warp Dash Dev Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg4GdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5jKESDA	Paper Glider vs Gnomes FullScreen - Paper Glider vs. Gnomes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoqCdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihoJ0SDA	Tampa Bay Bars banner ad - Tampa Bay Bars
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpKCdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_iZ8RDA	Banner Ad iPhone - Guitar! HD for iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY86-dEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRjZ4SDA	i_Magic Tree_320X50 - i_Magic Tree
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9K-dEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj82ZwSDA	mKS banner ad - mKS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlc-dEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinrZESDA	Banner Ad - top news
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmM-dEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA2pwSDA	qubo.gr banner ad 5 - qubo.gr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy-adEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi595oSDA	Alarm Clock HD - Free - 320 x 50 - Alarm Clock Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzuadEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA2pwSDA	qubo.gr banner ad 6 - qubo.gr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnPadEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib9p0SDA	mr-amu.com banner ad - mr-amu.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY142eEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBie9p0SDA	Spawn 3D banner ad - Spawn 3D Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvJWeEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5jKESDA	Paper Glider v Gnomes Banner Ad iPad - Paper Glider vs. Gnomes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2bSeEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxrJ4SDA	rockit ball banner ad - Rockit Ball 3D HD!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY27SeEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1spwSDA	Android Bottom Tablet - Warp Dash Dev Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4dueEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1spwSDA	Android Bottom Phone - Warp Dash Dev Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy-OeEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdtJ4SDA	 banner ad - JP3 - callknight com.adcall.callknight 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4tifEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1spwSDA	Android Fullscreen Phone - Warp Dash Dev Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmfCfEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipp44RDA	Corporate Banner - News Republic Android Corporate
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYopegEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihl6ASDA	download mobile videos banner ad - download mobile videos
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxLagEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB4JISDA	Asteroids:Gunner Interstitial 1024x768 (ipad) - Asteroids: Gunner
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgfWgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjL4J8SDA	FruitTap banner ad - FruitTap
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu4yhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA2pwSDA	qubo.gr banner ad 4 - qubo.gr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-sqhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib854SDA	mopubTest_bannerAd - mopubTestCallUs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6NKhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNraMSDA	Old Town Texas banner ad - Old Town Texas
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYivKhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijgaEQDA	Banner Ad menu - Gravity Guy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi_KhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYk6QSDA	Top Friends iPad Banner - Top Friends
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6fmhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB4JISDA	Asteroids:Gunner Interstitial 320x480 (iphone) - Asteroids: Gunner
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7_mhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWk6QSDA	Interstitial - News Republic Android Interstitial
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8PmhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzl6USDA	iPhone fullscreen - universal riddles3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0YGiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_4ukDDA	Check-in/Break FullScreen Test - ZEN Poker Beta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY04GiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjri-oIDA	iPhone Test - Bad Apples
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2YGiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3kaISDA	Classical Guitar banner ad - Guitar Classical
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5IGiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiohaYSDA	Trip To Egypt banner ad - Trip To Egypt
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5YGiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBv6USDA	University Edition banner ad - University Edition
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY54GiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmgaISDA	Wonderful China banner ad - Wonderful China
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8IGiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBim3qUSDA	Forest Defence banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Forest Defense
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyomiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_kaISDA	Mala banner ad - Mala
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0ImiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi22aQSDA	Castle Seeker banner ad - Castle Seeker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY04miEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSiaISDA	Playground Edition banner ad - Playground Edition
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1omiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi70KcSDA	Trip To The Lost Temple Of Guardians banner ad - Trip To The Lost Temple Of Guardians
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2omiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4oKISDA	SantaFun banner ad - SantaFun
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxJGiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwrKYSDA	Ancient Window banner ad - Ancient Window
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyJGiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidrqgSDA	Graffiti City banner ad - Graffiti City
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyZGiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE_aUSDA	Mr Art Private Detective banner ad - Mr Art Private Detective
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkZmiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizzagSDA	City In Motion banner ad - City In Motion
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk5miEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjlqKISDA	Differences In The Country banner ad - Differences In The Country
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3aiiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFraMSDA	 banner ad - JP3 -WhitedogMemo com.adcall.WhitedogMemo 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyLCiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHsKISDA	Fling! Free banner ad - Fling! Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzLCiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxk6kSDA	StickyJump banner ad - StickyJump
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0LCiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPsKISDA	SONG INTERSTITIAL - Dance Legend
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqriiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjnz6ISDA	 banner ad - JP3 -Setting change girl com.adcall.Setting_change_girl 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq7iiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9-qYSDA	BoyFriend banner ad - BoyFriend
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsbiiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjyz6ISDA	Lost Tribe banner ad - Lost Tribe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm8CiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjAgKUSDA	Aerox Lite banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Aerox Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpMCiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiO7KMSDA	Fruit Quest banner ad - Fruit Quest 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgMiiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBja16ISDA	LFCConnect banner ad - LFCConnect
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg8iiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB9I4SDA	Banner Ad - ECOO
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiMiiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRiqcSDA	Christmas Edition banner ad - Christmas Edition
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjMiiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjoxqUSDA	Shire Edition banner ad - Shire Edition
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj8iiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9tagSDA	Moiko Records International  - Moiko Records
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkMiiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrxqUSDA	Marks test app banner ad - Marks test app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY78-iEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiE4KcSDA	Deep Search banner ad - Deep Search
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8c-iEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjD-qYSDA	Downtown Differences banner ad - Downtown Differences
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyteiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjo0P8RDA	Banner 1 - Vtipko
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzteiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik6-oRDA	Banner Ad 2 - Jareds World
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5deiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjh-KQSDA	City Of Atlantis banner ad - City Of Atlantis
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6NeiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_96cSDA	Lost in the Tribes banner ad - Lost in the Tribes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtN-iEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6lKYSDA	Deck 52 banner ad - Deck 52
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuN-iEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi336ISDA	Exploring China banner ad - Exploring China
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxt-iEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3jqgSDA	JawsTM Lite - 320 x 50 - JawsTM Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmeeiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix36ISDA	GameFace.me sidebar ad - GameFace.me
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnueiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifrqgSDA	The Resistance banner ad - The Resistance
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7vaiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_iZ8RDA	airAd Ads for China - Guitar! HD for iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9PaiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjg-KQSDA	Chinese Differences banner ad - Chinese Differences
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9_aiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWzqUSDA	Museum Edition banner ad - Museum Edition
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-PaiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj78KQSDA	Train Stare banner ad - Train Stare
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0_6iEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjq7aUSDA	Tap Twister banner ad - Tap Twister
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2_6iEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPp6USDA	Expedition Old West banner ad - Expedition Old West
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3P6iEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHqYYPDA	TheJournal.ie Fullscreen - iPhone - TheJournal.ie News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4_6iEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6__EQDA	|||0010||yumemaborosinogotoku - Android title apps 001|
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwYajEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8naMSDA	Poker King Online banner ad - 320x50 Android - Poker King Online
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiZajEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihjqMSDA	Web View - Tap Pet Hotel
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhJ6jEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjelqgSDA	Lost City Of Egypt banner ad - Lost City Of Egypt
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5KWjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiGnqMSDA	Re-Building Efforts banner ad - Re-Building Efforts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY56WjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	Cut The Rope Guide - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxK2jEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5naMSDA	My Pet Cafe HK Beta banner ad - 320x50 Android - My Pet Cafe HK Beta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzK2jEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLraMSDA	Living the Life banner ad - Living the Life
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqrWjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiptaMSDA	Web View - Tap Pet Hotel
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrbWjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ2KcSDA	 banner ad - JP3 - Shush_The_birds com.adcall.Shush_The_birds 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs7WjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii-akSDA	Warehouse banner ad - Warehouse
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYubWjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSg5URDA	APPY Geek Interstitial - APPY Geek
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmr2jEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEnqgSDA	Lost In Space banner ad - Lost In Space
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnL2jEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjX6akSDA	sudomobile banner ad - sudomobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnb2jEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi2rKYSDA	Stay banner ad - Stay
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYicWjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj1KMSDA	appsmart banner ad - Appsmart
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4syjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhyaQSDA	Pretty Pet Farm! Christmas banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Pretty Pet Farm! Christmas
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzdSjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiprKYSDA	Capitals Quizzer phone startup interstitial - Capitals Quizzer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0tSjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1mqQSDA	Art Edition banner ad - Art Edition
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1NSjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjlnKYSDA	My Tribe banner ad - My Tribe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1dSjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3mqQSDA	Space Difference banner ad - Space Difference
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg-yjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiNk6QSDA	tst banner ad - tst
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi-yjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjw6qYSDA	Jo Jo's Fashion Show 2 banner ad - Jo Jo's Fashion Show 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjOyjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrs6MFDA	iPad Test - Spray Can
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjeyjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjgmacSDA	Differences In The City banner ad - Differences In The City
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmOyjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA-qESDA	Sogoods banner ad - Sogoods
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7POjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiprKYSDA	Capitals Quizzer tablet leaderboard - Capitals Quizzer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8fOjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib26YSDA	Metro TV banner ad - Metro TV
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2_ujEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj086MSDA	classic memo banner ad - JP3 -ClassicMemo com.adcall.ClassicMemo 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvIOkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiprKYSDA	Capitals Quizzer tablet startup interstitial - Capitals Quizzer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwIOkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3lKYSDA	download mobile videos - download mobile videos
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwYOkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjy8KQSDA	Cyanodroid  - Cyanodroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxoOkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYk6QSDA	Top Friends iPhone Full Screen - Top Friends
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzIOkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKkaISDA	Waste Recycler banner ad - Waste Recycler
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0YOkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj516ISDA	(auone) banner ad - (auone)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4IOkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj686MSDA	Glam Life Interstitial - Glam Life
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo4ukEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiii6QSDA	SONG INTERSTITIAL - Lyric Legend 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi5OkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjaoqQSDA	: banner ad - :
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkpOkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ7KMSDA	 banner ad - JP3 -AuraCamera com.adcall.AuraCamera 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl5OkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzl6USDA	universal riddles3 banner ad - universal riddles3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmZOkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz-aESDA	City Scan banner ad - City Scan
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmpOkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi41qUSDA	Haunted Mansion banner ad - Haunted Mansion
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYopOkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihk6QSDA	! banner ad - JP3 -HistoryClean com.adcall.HistoryClean !
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9pqkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjnw6YSDA	Old West banner ad - Old West
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3qKkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirkaISDA	Providers banner - News Republic iPhone Providers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY66KkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjgnKYSDA	An Evening Walk banner ad - An Evening Walk
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7KKkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhnKYSDA	Beautiful Dreams banner ad - Beautiful Dreams
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY76KkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBictKYSDA	Differences in Egypt banner ad - Differences in Egypt
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwqqkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiD5qUSDA	Monster Magic Free -  banner ad - Monster Magic Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyqqkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjs-KQSDA	B-Messenger Banner Ad - B-Messenger
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs7KkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjguY0SDA	End of Game Interstitial (iPad Std) - Pocket BMX Lite iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5MmkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6__EQDA	|||0008||jojy - Android title apps 001|
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY58mkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBippqgSDA	 banner ad - testdesuu
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYydGkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjawJoSDA	PuppetFace banner ad (728x90) - PuppetFace
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzdGkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirqacSDA	Bill Calculator banner ad - Bill Calculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY09GkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyqacSDA	300X250 Rectangle phone - Acropa Sudoku Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4NGkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBim-akSDA	Greed Corp Mobile banner ad - Greed Corp Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgumkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjuuo8SDA	Android_Backgammon Gold_320x480 - Backgammon Gold
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg-mkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiprKYSDA	Capitals Quizzer tablet quiz finished interstitial - Capitals Quizzer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi-mkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYk6QSDA	Top Friends iPhone Banner - Top Friends
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjOmkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjq56cSDA	Blast from the Past banner ad - Blast from the Past
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7_CkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi596cSDA	111 banner ad - 111
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8fCkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOyKcSDA	download mobile videos banner ad - download mobile videos
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-vCkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp-KQSDA	Pick Up And Drop Off banner ad - Pick Up And Drop Off
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiPGkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiF2KISDA	Girl Friend banner ad - Girl Friend
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2fikEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMyKcSDA	Games. banner ad - Games.
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4vikEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj19qISDA	Differences In China Town banner ad - Differences In China Town
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6PikEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjn-KQSDA	Negative City banner ad - Negative City
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8fikEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUjaYSDA	Sticky banner ad - Sticky
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY__ikEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK8aQSDA	Pink Pad Android Banner - Pink Pad Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgPmkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK8aQSDA	Pink Pad Android Interstitial - Pink Pad Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgfmkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjF96cSDA	Pink Pad iOS Banner - Pink Pad iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuYClEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTwKISDA	HelloWorld banner ad - HelloWorld
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxYClEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp0qESDA	Spooky Differences banner ad - Spooky Differences
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq4ilEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiowKISDA	dialogue banner ad - dialogue
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjZClEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyqacSDA	full screen tablet - Acropa Sudoku Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj5ClEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOraMSDA	The Gardener banner ad - The Gardener
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3Z-lEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjuz6ISDA	City Of Dreams banner ad - City Of Dreams
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3p-lEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiF4KcSDA	Lancelot In Camelot banner ad - Lancelot In Camelot
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5J-lEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjn6USDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5p-lEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK4KcSDA	SONG INTERSTITIAL - Dance Legend
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrq-lEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhmacSDA	Mirage banner ad - Mirage
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs6-lEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizwKISDA	MyGenie banner ad - MyGenie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-b6lEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjM16ISDA	Free Alarm Clock Pro banner ad - Free Alarm Clock Pro
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_L6lEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj16ISDA	Aliens Attack banner ad - Aliens Attack
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_76lEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjn16ISDA	Inside Out banner ad - Inside Out
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgL-lEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjw16ISDA	Naval Infiltration banner ad - Naval Infiltration
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYib-lEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	Tiny Wings Guide - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5MalEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyqacSDA	Full screen phone - Acropa Sudoku Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY58alEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLyKISDA	Gems Of Egypt banner ad - Gems Of Egypt
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6salEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_tagSDA	Raging Thunder 2 Ingame banner ad - Raging Thunder 2 Ingame
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7calEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvgaISDA	CODE SCAN banner ad - JP3 - Code scan com.adc.Codescan
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzM6lEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjX-KQSDA	My Pet Cafe HK Beta banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - My Pet Cafe HK Beta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1c6lEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp16ISDA	Lost In The Woods banner ad - Lost In The Woods
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3c6lEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB2KISDA	Mixology-iOS-Banner - MixologyTM Drink Recipes (Free)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3s6lEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6i6kSDA	BabyBump Android Leaderboard - BabyBump Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY486lEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_kaISDA	Mala banner ad - Mala
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsdalEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiG7KMSDA	HD Dizi Izle banner tablet - HD Dizi Izle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs9alEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjri-oIDA	iPad Test - Bad Apples
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn96lEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBie3qUSDA	ads - Audio Cutter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYot6lEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6i6kSDA	BabyBump Android Interstitial - BabyBump Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgualEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjcpaMSDA	Spacy jumpers banner ad - Spacy jumpers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiualEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdpaMSDA	Christmas Story banner ad - 320x50 Android - Christmas Story
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9O2lEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUmaISDA	Vacation Villa banner ad - Vacation Villa
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9e2lEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVmaISDA	Village Backyard banner ad - Village Backyard
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_u2lEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk_qISDA	testkari banner ad - testkari
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0fWlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjq8KQSDA	Dancing Men banner ad - Dancing Men
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1_WlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW0aQSDA	Dream Villa banner ad - Dream Villa
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2vWlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimgqcSDA	Raging Thunder 2 - Interstitials banner ad - Raging Thunder 2 Interstitials
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu_2lEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqkaISDA	Ad Unit - My 2nd App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv_2lEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjY-6MSDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoYWmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirsqQSDA	Twisted Camera banner ad - Twisted Camera
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp4WmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiysqQSDA	Spring Fields banner ad - Spring Fields
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqoWmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpgaISDA	B-Messenger Web Banner Ad - B-Messenger
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlo2mEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC8aQSDA	Sticky Jump Android banner ad - Sticky Jump Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_pSmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQwqkSDA	TwilightSearch banner ad - TwilightSearch
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3ZymEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjkoqQSDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY35ymEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmzKMSDA	iPad slotMachine medium - iPad slotMachine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4pymEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibtKYSDA	Country Side banner ad - Country Side
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY45ymEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjuoqQSDA	Differences In Andoria banner ad - Differences In Andoria
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6pymEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6i6kSDA	BabyBump Android Banner - BabyBump Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxKSmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9_aUSDA	Providers banner - News Republic Android Providers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr6ymEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyqacSDA	Banner Ad - Acropa Sudoku Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsqymEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixrKYSDA	City Under Siege banner ad - City Under Siege
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkbSmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiprKYSDA	Capitals Quizzer phone banner - Capitals Quizzer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmbSmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxi6kSDA	DicasWP banner ad - DicasWP
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqLSmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi1zvYRDA	Promotional - Dizzypad - Frog Jump Fun
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrrSmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBittKYSDA	 banner ad - JP3 - loupe com.adcall.loupe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsLSmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqkaISDA	Stitcher Radio 320x50 - Stitcher Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_7umEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVlqMSDA	Trip To The Aztec Temple banner ad - Trip To The Aztec Temple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4cOmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdoqQSDA	Test App banner ad - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4sOmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXxdUIDA	CLEAR Banner Ad - Demo App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5MOmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmoqQSDA	Drum Kit! banner ad iPhone - Drum Kit!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5cOmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYk6QSDA	Top Friends iPad Full Screen - Top Friends
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7cOmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9-aESDA	MyGenie banner ad - MyGenie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0cumEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0oqQSDA	Moiko Records banner ad - Moiko Records
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt9OmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0zagSDA	N.L.T banner ad - N.L.T
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu9OmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjguY0SDA	Top of Screen Banner (iPad Std) - Pocket BMX Lite iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmtumEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBju86MSDA	Candy Valley banner ad - Candy Valley
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnNumEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiy0KcSDA	Weird Laws banner ad - Weird Laws
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYodumEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUiaISDA	River Side banner ad - River Side
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgeOmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirtaMSDA	Ad Unit - My 1st App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhuOmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHyqkSDA	myTweet banner ad - myTweet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6eqmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiprKYSDA	Capitals Quizzer phone quiz finished interstitial - Capitals Quizzer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7OqmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzkacSDA	Santa's Feast banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Santa's Feast!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxPqmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiN6aQSDA	Temple Of Guardians banner ad - Temple Of Guardians
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyPqmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUiqcSDA	Gold Rush banner ad - Gold Rush
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpYKnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj48KQSDA	Lost Futures Of Atlantis banner ad - Lost Futures Of Atlantis
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl4qnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjakaISDA	Banner Ad - Block-Off
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9JGnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzl6USDA	universal riddles3 medium - universal riddles3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9pGnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKxagSDA	Mobile Banners - OttawaValley
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw6GnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_g6QSDA	testdesu banner ad - testdesu
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxqGnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjq16ISDA	Murder I Solved banner ad - Murder I Solved
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgbmnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfqKISDA	DicasWP banner ad - DicasWP
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5cCnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjAhqMSDA	Poker King Online banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Poker King Online
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY08inEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfk6kSDA	Streets Edition banner ad - Streets Edition
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2sinEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjI96cSDA	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtdCnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjc-6MSDA	tesutdesuyo banner ad - testdesyo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYudCnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjD_aUSDA	Different Perspective banner ad - Different Perspective
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYutCnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjF_aUSDA	Space Craft banner ad - Space Craft
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwNCnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj686MSDA	Glam Life Corporate 320x50 - Glam Life
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYntinEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYuqQSDA	dialogue banner ad - dialogue
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpNinEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI46YSDA	Ghost Munch banner ad - Ghost Munch
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7OenEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEsKISDA	Tribal Seeker banner ad - Tribal Seeker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7uenEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRkaISDA	Main activity banner ad - Sunray
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwvenEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVyKcSDA	Jewel Quest banner ad - Jewel Quest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxvenEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjF96cSDA	Pink Pad iOS Interstitial - Pink Pad iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiYeoEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3kaISDA	Full Screen Ad Guitar Classical - Guitar Classical
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjYeoEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHnqMSDA	Trip To China banner ad - Trip To China
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkIeoEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK8aQSDA	Pink Pad Android Leaderboard - Pink Pad Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2paoEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_hqMSDA	testdesuyo2 banner ad - testdesuyo2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY35aoEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFnqMSDA	MyCousinsFarmhouse banner ad - MyCousinsFarmhouse
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyp6oEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3oqQSDA	TEST banner ad - TEST
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzp6oEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiGo6QSDA	Stitcher 320x50 - Stitcher Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq6aoEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJm6kSDA	Trash Difference banner ad - Trash Difference
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlq6oEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_waQSDA	Interstitial - News Republic iPhone Interstitial
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm66oEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOwqkSDA	Differences In Old Town banner ad - Differences In Old Town
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnq6oEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii26YSDA	Robo Jumper banner ad - Robo Jumper
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo66oEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjakaISDA	Block-Off Interstitial - Block-Off
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpq6oEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_0KcSDA	SONG INTERSTITIAL - Lyric Legend 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_LWoEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-vqUSDA	Forgotten City banner ad - Forgotten City
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4r2oEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmzKMSDA	iPad slotMachine fullscreen - iPad slotMachine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgd2oEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ1agSDA	A: BombIT_SDK_2 banner ad - A: BombIT_SDK_2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-IupEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjh1KMSDA	teuxdeux banner ad - TeuxDeux
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2ZOpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEg6QSDA	Itzy Android banner ad - Itzy Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3ZOpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLg6QSDA	Golden Memories banner ad - Golden Memories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4JOpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUyKcSDA	Tower Builder banner ad - Tower Builder
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4ZOpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjq-KQSDA	Trip To India banner ad - Trip To India
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5ZOpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQg6QSDA	Sticky banner ad - Sticky
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6pOpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfiaISDA	mVideoCut banner ad - mVideoCut
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-pOpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiP2KISDA	Skout 320x50 - Skout Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxpupEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEgKUSDA	Geometric Differences banner ad - Geometric Differences
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx5upEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjn0qESDA	Look Around banner ad - Look Around
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyJupEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLxagSDA	Lost In China Town banner ad - Lost In China Town
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYypupEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjGgKUSDA	Tree House Builder banner ad - Tree House Builder
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlqupEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKyo8SDA	iOS Interstitial Ad - Heywire for iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl6upEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqwKcSDA	Android RTB - 320 x 50 - Android RTB
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmaupEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKhqMSDA	mWeb RTB - 320 x 50 - mWeb RTB
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz8KpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi58akSDA	Flower Mania banner ad - Flower Mania
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtMqpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi236ISDA	City Of Andoria banner ad - City Of Andoria
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqNKpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBin0qkSDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgtqpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB2qkSDA	Arthurs Castle banner ad - Arthurs Castle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg9qpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidtKYSDA	Monsoon Mania banner ad - Monsoon Mania
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYidqpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihtKYSDA	Raging Thunder 2 Menus banner ad - Raging Thunder 2 Menus
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYitqpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjb6akSDA	Drums HD Leaderboard - Drums Kit iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi9qpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJnqgSDA	teuxdeux banner ad - TeuxDeux
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYldqpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiO2KISDA	Skout 320x50 - Skout iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6-GpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpxqUSDA	Last Stand banner ad - Last Stand
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7eGpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBij3qUSDA	MyGenie banner ad - MyGenie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0umpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiE2qkSDA	Object Assembly banner ad - Object Assembly
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3OmpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiitKYSDA	Drums HD iPad Leaderboard - Drums HD iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYofmpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjY9aUSDA	Garden View banner ad - Garden View
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiYGqEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjknKYSDA	Mystic City banner ad - Mystic City
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9oiqEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6__EQDA	|||0009||tokumeikakariReturnsRookie - Android title apps 001|
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk6iqEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbzqUSDA	LED Flashlight banner ad - LED Flashlight
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnKiqEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjR-qYSDA	Am I Ugly banner ad - Am I Ugly
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpKiqEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijqKoSDA	We Rule Banner 320x50 - We Rule Deluxe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnc-qEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4rKYSDA	Android_Memorize_320x50 - Memorize
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1OaqEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4jqgSDA	Santa Maker! banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Santa Maker!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8oWrEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiviKUSDA	test - Easy Tasks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqZ2rEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjnq5ARDA	Biz Report Interstitial - Biz Report
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkqWrEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6__EQDA	gerogie registtest - Android title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp6WrEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBionJQSDA	iOS_Memorize_480x320 - Memorize - Matching Cards
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqaWrEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiopasSDA	Minor Lords (iOS) - Map Screen banner ad - Minor Lords (iOS)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrqWrEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZg6wSDA	shareso.me banner ad - shareso.me
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_KyrEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq_MUPDA	Double Click Test - Baltimore Magazine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgK2rEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMsK8SDA	DealJuna banner ad - DealJuna
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlK2rEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjwu64SDA	Mist Bouncer iOS banner ad - Mist Bouncer iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6bSrEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVnK4SDA	(Ver) banner ad - JP3 -Screen Decoration Filtercom.adcall.decofilterK (Ver)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7rSrEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjttKsSDA	Asteroid 2012 FreeD Top ad - Asteroid 2012 Free-D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzLyrEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSp7ISDA	Sundae Maker 320x50 - Sundae Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYucSrEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4xKsSDA	ZombieFace Banner Ad (320x50) - ZombieFace
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYweurEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBje168SDA	mtune banner ad - mtune
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp_OrEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjAwawSDA	DealJuna banner ad - DealJuna
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrvOrEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE_bISDA	White Noise Ambience Lite - Banner AD - White Noise Ambience Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsPOrEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7-a4SDA	Moustachos iPad - Moustachos
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9oKsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJrbASDA	ChaCha fullscreen Android - Android Smartphone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm4OsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9r7ISDA	Providers banner - Glam Life Android Providers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoaKsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiaurESDA	Celebuzz 320x50 - Celebuzz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrKKsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQvo4SDA	iOS_iThemes HD_320x480 - iThemes HD Designer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2bmsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-xKsSDA	Scare A Friend banner ad - Scare A Friend
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0sGsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq_MUPDA	Martin Test - Baltimore Magazine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1sGsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8l60SDA	sakias banner ad - sakias
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6sGsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi94q4SDA	No Way But Down banner ad - No Way But Down
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY68GsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB-q4SDA	Corporate banner - Appy Geek iPhone Corporate 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmcmsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6__EQDA	|||0008||jojy_re - Android title apps 001|
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoMmsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEia8SDA	app banner ad - app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYocmsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEwawSDA	 banner ad - JP3 -TargetChecklist com.adcall.TargetChecklist
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0uCsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5pq0SDA	Marmot Madness  - Marmot Madness
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4uCsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7ka8SDA	Moustachos banner ad - Moustachos
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7eCsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7r7ISDA	Leaderboard Ad - Travel Altimeter Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8uCsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDl60SDA	Alien Run banner ad - Alien Run
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpfCsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipw64SDA	VIP Life 320x50 Banner - VIP Life
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqPCsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJu64SDA	Crazy Catapult banner ad - Crazy Catapult
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsfCsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBvq0SDA	fartbugs banner ad - Fart Bugs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYifisEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6__EQDA	|||0009||tokumeireturnsrookie - Android title apps 001|
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYivisEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhq64SDA	Android RTB - 320 x 50 - Android RTB
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjfisEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidw64SDA	APPY Geek Providers 320x50 - APPY Geek 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlfisEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirhbMSDA	Pretty Pet Salon Christmas banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Pretty Pet Salon Christmas
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmvisEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSxbASDA	ChaCha Custom Ad iOS - iOS Smartphone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYofisEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjoorESDA	ang banner ad - Angry Chickens Pro
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYovisEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjihK4SDA	Scenic Weather Free banner ad - Scenic Weather Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrfisEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIp60SDA	Banner iPad Landscape - Weather Live Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8v-sEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBih5LASDA	Cute Asian Girls banner ad - Cute Asian Girls
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2YetEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6__EQDA	|||0008||jojie - Android title apps 001|
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8oetEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPwrESDA	lamebo vs zombies banner ad - Lamebo VS. Zombies
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY84etEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBji9bISDA	Banner - Nothing
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwY-tEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6__EQDA	|||0009||tokumeireturnsrookie - Android title apps 001|
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrJetEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4u64SDA	Angry King-Kong banner ad - Angry King Kong
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwZetEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi186sSDA	SHOPPING NOTE banner ad - JP3 - SHOPPING NOTE com.adcall.Shoppingnote
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwpetEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjguY0SDA	End of Game Interstitial (iPhone Std) Not Used - Pocket BMX Lite iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkZ-tEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6__EQDA	|||0008||jojie - Android title apps 001|
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlZ-tEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCpK4SDA	Minor Lords - Map Screen (Banner Ad) - Minor Lords
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh6etEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIvLMSDA	Minor Lords (Android) - Map Screen banner ad - Minor Lords (Android)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjaetEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIp60SDA	Banner iPad Portrait - Weather Live Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5K6tEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiKp60SDA	BANNER - Tunewiki SMP iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzLatEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjb0bESDA	Banner Ad - Best Mobile Site
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0LatEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjl9bISDA	Corporate banner - Glam Life Android Corporate
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0batEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiO47MSDA	Interstitial - Glam Life iPhone Interstitial
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuL6tEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjipbASDA	Agent Alarm banner ad - Agent Alarm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvb6tEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjlpbASDA	Moustachos Android - Moustachos
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm8atEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5368SDA	Biz Report Providers 320x50 - Biz Report
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp8atEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihl5MSDA	Another Baner - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr8atEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiuxq0SDA	Bubble Pop ad - Bubble Pop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtcatEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidzq0SDA	Interstitial - Appy Geek iPhone Interstitial
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhM6tEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjpbASDA	Amazon Mobile banner ad - Amazon Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh86tEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjkpbASDA	 banner ad - JP3 - Volume Equalizer com.adcall.VolumeEqualizer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYks6tEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiugrQSDA	ChaCha Custom ad - ChaCha
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmM6tEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBzbASDA	Menue Dice banner ad - Menue Dice
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYms6tEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-tbASDA	Insane Bubbles for iPad - Insane Bubbles
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7dWtEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-vq0SDA	A Test App banner ad - A Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1t2tEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqq64SDA	Banner - Office Jerk Holiday - iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYueWtEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjR3a0SDA	 banner ad - JP3 - Visible Signal com.adcall.VisibleSignal
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvOWtEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi75a0SDA	vs banner ad - JP3 -Kunoichi Versus Ninja soft.kinoko.kunoichivsninja vs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw-WtEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC5a0SDA	dandovia banner ad - dandovia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzuWtEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjb0bESDA	Best Mobile Site banner ad - Best Mobile Site
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz-WtEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd0bESDA	Simply Solitaire HD banner ad (iPad) - Simply Solitaire HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0uWtEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6jrUSDA	National Review 320x50 - National Review
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpO2tEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiL5rISDA	Let's Drink banner ad - Let's Drink
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYivWtEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ9a0SDA	Chess Mates banner ad - Chess Mates
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlPWtEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmhK4SDA	MyTestApp banner ad - MyTestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgv2tEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6__EQDA	kimagure_Orangeroad - Android title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjv2tEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiktLMSDA	Corporate banner - Glam Life iPhone Corporate
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY24SuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-5a0SDA	Santa Ride Mobile banner ad - Santa Ride Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3ISuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCg7ESDA	Banner Ad - Sample Application
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3YSuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBie-KwSDA	One Man Army banner ad - One Man Army
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwoyuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBjK4SDA	socialmediatrends banner ad - Social Media Trends
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzoyuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjknLMSDA	Red Orbit 320x50 - Red Orbit
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmpyuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiaurESDA	Celebuzz Gallery AD - Celebuzz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnZyuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvn7ISDA	Cute Girl banner ad - Cute Girl
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhaSuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi1tbASDA	DroidEdit banner ad - DroidEdit
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh6SuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6__EQDA	|||0013||jotei_title - Android title apps 001|
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiaSuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjk48SDA	Banner Ad - Groupon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi6SuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzzLASDA	MISTER banner ad - Gay adult men finder: MISTER
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj6SuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-nbASDA	 banner ad - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmKSuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj12q4SDA	iPhone banner - Hooked Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmqSuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9_KkQDA	AdMob Banner JSON Test - Nat Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY66uuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSxbASDA	ChaCha banner ad iOS - iOS Smartphone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_6uuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv-KwSDA	Night Vision Camera banner ad - Night Vision Camera
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0rOuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6__EQDA	|||0014||kimagure_Orangeroad - Android title apps 001|
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsbuuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJs64SDA	Spirograph banner ad - Spirograph
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtbuuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidw64SDA	APPY Geek Corporate 320x50 - APPY Geek 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyruuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHg6wSDA	Facebook Icons - Total Pimp Your Screen, Facebook Icons and More! banner ad - Facebook Icons - Total Pimp Your Screen, Facebook Icons and More!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy7uuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3l60SDA	Fruits&Fun - Fruits&Fun
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz7uuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJrbASDA	Custom InLine Test - Android Smartphone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1ruuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVu64SDA	Times Table Me banner ad - Times Table Me
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2buuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjq-bgLDA	Banner Ad - Japan News Online
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY47uuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTsK8SDA	Tap Petshop 480x320 - Tap Petshop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6buuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJka8SDA	Raw Story 320x50 - Raw Story
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY67uuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSvLMSDA	fiicreator banner ad - fiicreator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY77uuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4w64SDA	lamebo vs zombies banner ad - Lamebo Fighter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9LuuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG6KwSDA	Test - MafiaVille
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmsOuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizu64SDA	mWeb RTB - 320 x 50 - mWeb RTB
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpsOuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiM-6sSDA	free download for all banner ad - free download for all
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq8OuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhga8SDA	Moustachos banner ad - Moustachos
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtMOuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiP-6sSDA	Angry King Kong banner ad - Angry King Kong
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYucOuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	Default - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiMuuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJ3LASDA	Insane Bubbles for iPhone - Insane Bubbles
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7NKuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi66KwSDA	! banner ad - JP3 -Starting_Lock_Screen com.adcall.Starting_Lock_Screen !()
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9tKuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4xKsSDA	ZombieFace Interstitial Ad - ZombieFace
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0tquEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjR2q4SDA	|||0008||jojie - Android title apps 002|
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1tquEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4_K0SDA	free download for all banner ad - free download for all
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY19quEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWn60SDA	Blackjack! 320x50 Banner - Blackjack!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3dquEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC1rISDA	Evil Balloons banner ad - Evil Balloons
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY49quEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiugrQSDA	ChaCha fullscreen ad - ChaCha
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6dquEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiV9a0SDA	GoodReads 320x50 - Good Reads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8tquEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzhK4SDA	Interstitial - Appy Geek Android Interstitial
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu-KuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	Cut the Rope: Experiments Guide - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8vmuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRk7ESDA	Empire Quest Lite banner ad - Empire Quest Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8_muEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSk7ESDA	Pixel Story banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Pixel Story
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-fmuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi50I0SDA	mopub network trial - Go Go Gig Harbor iphone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY__muEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmwawSDA	Motion Camera banner ad - Motion Camera
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2oGvEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivka8SDA	3D Pool Master Pro - 320 x 50 - 3D Pool Master Pro
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3IGvEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbga8SDA	Battleship Destiny banner ad - Battleship Destiny
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY34GvEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6__EQDA	|||0013||jotei_titleapps - Android title apps 001|
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrJGvEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3wawSDA	God-Space banner ad - God-Space
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuZGvEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIwawSDA	!!(Easy Dutch Treat) banner ad - JP3 - Easy Dutch Treat com.adcall.PhotoGallery!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYupGvEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiama8SDA	Honeybee Maze banner ad - Honeybee Maze
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwpGvEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4xKsSDA	ZombieFace Banner Ad (728x90) - ZombieFace
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlJmvEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBih568SDA	Banner Ad - Santa Ride HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmJmvEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXma8SDA	free download for all banner ad - free download for all
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg6GvEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5kbQSDA	Sudoku (Free) HD banner ad - Sudoku HD [Free]
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzbCvEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjlqK8SDA	free download for all banner ad - free download for all
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsbivEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSg5URDA	APPY Geek Corporate 320x50 - APPY Geek
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmcCvEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjnq5ARDA	Biz Report Corporate 320x50 - Biz Report
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgcivEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj686MSDA	Glam Life Providers 320x50 - Glam Life
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6c-vEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidw64SDA	APPY Geek Interstitial - APPY Geek 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYut-vEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5368SDA	Biz Report Corporate 320x50 - Biz Report
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqeevEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBio568SDA	games-247 mw3 banner ad - Games-247 for MW3 App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYie-vEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBih568SDA	Santa Ride HD banner ad - Santa Ride HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8favEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5368SDA	Biz Report Interstitial - Biz Report
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-vavEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpn7ISDA	lucky me banner ad - lucky me
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwYawEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZ_q8SDA	Glam Life Corporate 320x50 - Glam Life
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqY6wEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZ_q8SDA	Glam Life Interstitial - Glam Life
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqo6wEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZ77QSDA	A: Pandas_vs_Ninjas_SDK banner ad - A: Pandas_vs_Ninjas_SDK
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkZawEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZ_q8SDA	Glam Life Providers 320x50 - Glam Life
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6qWwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi08KwSDA	Moustachos Ads - Moustachos
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsbWwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJrbASDA	ChaCha banner Android - Android Smartphone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs7WwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCg7ESDA	Sample Application banner ad - Sample Application
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv7WwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-tbASDA	Insane Bubbles for iPhone - Insane Bubbles
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmr2wEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRjZ4SDA	i_Magic Tree_728X90 - i_Magic Tree
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoL2wEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSxbASDA	ChaCha FullScreen Ad iOS - iOS Smartphone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgsWwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjR0bESDA	Strike Night interstitial - Strike Night
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh8WwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBim7a0SDA	Android RTB - 320 x 50 - Android RTB
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYisWwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbga8SDA	Ad - Battleship Destiny
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjsWwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8oK8SDA	GOGO Fishing banner ad - GOGO Fishing
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk8WwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtq64SDA	Fullscreen - Furdiburb - Beta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7cywEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjY2q4SDA	iOS RTB - 320 x 50 - iOS RTB
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7sywEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6__EQDA	|||0008||jojie - Android title apps 001|
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY78ywEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6__EQDA	|||0008||jojiee  - Android title apps 001|
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9sywEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv8KwSDA	Sudoku (Free) banner ad - Sudoku (Free)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgs2wEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	My Secret Folder  - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2NSwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjau64SDA	 banner ad - JP3 - SimpleMemo com.adcall.SimpleMemo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYztywEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5kbQSDA	iPad leaderboard - Sudoku HD [Free]
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgPSwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj2h60SDA	Provider banner - Appy Geek iPhone Provider
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2vuwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZ-7ASDA	Learning Chess banner ad - Learning Chess
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2_uwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisi7ESDA	BOX banner ad - JP3 - Private BOX com.adcall.PrivateBOX
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsYuxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwi7ESDA	Real time Stock Streamer banner ad - Real time Stock Streamer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1KqxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpvbUSDA	Corporate banner - Appy Geek Android Corporate
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1aqxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFl60SDA	Provider banner - Glam Life iPhone Provider
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu7KxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_6KwSDA	my app banner ad - my app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzLKxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpwLQSDA	A: Bubble_Birds_SDK banner ad - A: Bubble_Birds_SDK
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzbKxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE_bISDA	White Noise Ambience Lite - Settings Banner - White Noise Ambience Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmbqxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixsrESDA	NETSER banner ad - NETSER
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9MmxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFv7ISDA	(Ver) banner ad - JP3 -Screen Decoration Filter com.adcall.DecoFilterK (Ver)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0tGxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiR-KwSDA	Venge banner ad - Venge
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2tGxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7kbQSDA	MyTestApp banner ad - MyTestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpuGxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxso8SDA	Scary Christmas Snowman Banner Ad - Scary Christmas Snowman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqeGxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIj60SDA	Linkin Park HD Wallpapers banner ad - Linkin Park HD Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8fCxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ6bESDA	RoboComic banner ad - RoboComic
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8_CxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCj60SDA	Lamebo Fighter banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Lamebo Fighter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk5CyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCrasSDA	solarme banner ad - solarme
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnJCyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj56rMSDA	Tap Pet Hotel 320x480 - Tap Pet Hotel
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9Z-yEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIp60SDA	Banner iPhone - Weather Live Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0KeyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPp7ISDA	The Dirty banner ad - The Dirty
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt6-yEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE_bISDA	White Noise Ambience Lite - Settings AD - White Noise Ambience Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpbeyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8l60SDA	Banner Ad - sakias
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhL-yEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_pq0SDA	We Rule 320x50 Banner - We Rule
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiL-yEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQ8q4SDA	ChristmasLiveWallpaper Banner Ad - ChristmasLiveWallpaper
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6sayEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjb-LESDA	Minor Lords - Map Screen (Banner Ad) - Minor Lords
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7cayEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjk48SDA	Banner Ad - Groupon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY086yEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIg6wSDA	Jumbled banner ad - Jumbled
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1c6yEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBioyawSDA	() banner ad - JP3 - Natural Filter com.adcall.NaturalFilter()
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYydayEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	Facebook Icons - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkeayEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjo168SDA	Banner Ad - Travel Altimeter Lite iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkuayEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp8rMSDA	Office Jerk for iPad banner ad - Office Jerk for iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8u2yEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB3LASDA	Amazon Mobile banner ad - Amazon Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2fWyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiM-6sSDA	Banner Ad - free download for all
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwv2yEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiDqqwSDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr4WzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjX0bESDA	Myrtle Beach banner ad - Myrtle Beach
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmY2zEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiw-KwSDA	Interstitial - Glam Life Android Interstitial
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY45yzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqq64SDA	Interstitial - Office Jerk Holiday - iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6JyzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiugrQSDA	ChaCha banner ad - ChaCha
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtKyzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQ8q4SDA	ChristmasLiveWallpaper banner ad - ChristmasLiveWallpaper
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt6yzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDgLISDA	Moustachos banner ad - Moustachos
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkbyzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiKv7ISDA	Aero Nexus banner ad - 728x90 iPad - Aero Nexus
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk7yzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBji9bISDA	Interstitial - Nothing
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2vKzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjyq64SDA	Bluuurp Breaker banner ad - Bluuurp Breaker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3vKzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzxrISDA	https://market.android.com/details?id= banner ad - https://market.android.com/details?id=
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrYK0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBionJQSDA	iOS_Memorize_1024x768 - Memorize - Matching Cards
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_5G0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip-KwSDA	Insane Bubbles for iPad - Insane Bubbles
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgZK0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9_KkQDA	Market TextnTile - Nat Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg5K0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-hL0IDA	Universal Medium Ad - Universal Mind Reader
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoti0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8zLASDA	Weather Live Free banner ad - Weather Live Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo9i0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH1rISDA	iloopmobile.com banner ad - iloopmobile.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmIe1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp8rMSDA	Interstitial - Office Jerk for iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm4e1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj60q4SDA	Providers banner - Appy Geek Android Providers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYma61Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjguY0SDA	Top of Screen Banner (iPhone Std) - Pocket BMX Lite iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY08W1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBin1bUSDA	Pitchimprover banner ad - Pitchimprover
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuc21Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	sakigakeotokojyuku - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvM21Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip-bYSDA	drudge banner ad - drudge
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYodW1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	akatsukiotokojyuku - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq9W1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiviKUSDA	GJ - GetJar - Easy Tasks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrNW1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd47gSDA	Washington Examiner 320x50 - Washington Examiner
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrdW1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikxroSDA	Washington Examiner 216x46 - Washington Examiner
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrtW1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihw7sSDA	ChaCha Android Tablet banner ad -  Tablet Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYid21Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	hutabasyaeizoukacomic - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYit21Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpt7cSDA	Breaking News banner ad - Breaking News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjt21Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	Blackburn News HD - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkN21Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRs7sSDA	Shareso.me 2 banner ad - Shareso.me 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8-S1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7zbUSDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9uS1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	Bristol City Total News - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwvS1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB9LUSDA	SocialVibe banner ad - SocialVibe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxPS1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiu_LUSDA	Android RTB - 320 x 50 - Android RTB
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrfy1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	Console Guide - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4pO2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxk6kSDA	Interstitial - StickyJump
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYypu2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJm7YSDA	StickyJump Interstitial - StickyJump
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsqO2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5grkSDA	World at War banner ad - World at War
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmau2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj12q4SDA	iPhone Interstitial - Hooked Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7Lq2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	American Football News - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8bq2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix-bYSDA	Shark Punch-  Android banner ad - Shark Punch-  Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0cK2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj12q4SDA	iPad Banner - Hooked Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1sK2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVwrYSDA	 banner ad - com.adcall.nusumimikinshi
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYusq2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	Cardiff City Total News - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYodK2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj12q4SDA	iPad Interstitial - Hooked Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYotK2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9w_gBDA	tenkamusouedajimaheihachi - iPhone title apps 001
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi9q2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	Rumours Lite - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjdq2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikxroSDA	Washington Examiner 300x50 - Washington Examiner
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq_m2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	LittleBigPlanet 2 Game Guide - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrvm2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiviKUSDA	IM - InsydeMarket - Easy Tasks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4ZC3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC8aQSDA	StickyJump Interstitial - Sticky Jump Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtqC3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	Football Banter for FANS! - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt6C3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	PS3 News - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuKC3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	Chelsea Total News - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmai3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip-bYSDA	Banner Ad - drudge
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgrC3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjguY0SDA	Top of Screen Banner (iPad Retina) - Pocket BMX Lite iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY67e3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	Chelsea Total News HD - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2L-3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTubkSDA	My Horse 320x50 banner ad - My Horse
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu8e3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5_7kSDA	~~ banner ad - JP3 - Private Photo Guard com.adcall.photoguard~~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvse3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	AFC Total News HD - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYide3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7iLcSDA	Eocinvoice banner ad - Eocinvoice
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjde3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	Scottish Football Live - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8963Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiaqLcSDA	Drudge banner ad - Drudge
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2ua3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiviKUSDA	SI - Soc.io - Easy Tasks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkf63Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjguY0SDA	End of Game Interstitial (iPad Retina) - Pocket BMX Lite iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk_63Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	Battlefield Bad Company 2 Game Guide - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlf63Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidq7YSDA	ChaCha iPad banner ad - iPad 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_IW4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjawrYSDA	Addicted Jumper banner ad - Addicted Jumper
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4424Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	Medal of Honor Game Guide - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYypW4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiaqLcSDA	Banner Ad - Drudge
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzJW4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	Console Guide Pro - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsZ24Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyoLcSDA	jinga banner ad - jinga
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtJ24Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0oLcSDA	Drudge banner ad - Drudge
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtp24Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	XFactr News & Results - Unofficial - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu524Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiviKUSDA	SM - SlideME - Easy Tasks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmqW4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiznbgSDA	Baba banner ad - Baba
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnKW4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	BFBC2 Vietnam Game Guide - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnaW4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	Blackpool Total News HD - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn6W4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6nbgSDA	JP3 - Photo Gallery com.adcall.!  banner ad - JP3 - Photo Gallery com.adcall.! 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg624Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiviKUSDA	AZ - Amazon - Easy Tasks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhK24Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	Burnley Total News - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh624Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiGrbgSDA	funny slap banner ad - Funny Slap 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYia24Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTubkSDA	My Horse 320x480 interstitial - My Horse
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvMS4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	Barnsley News App - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY89u4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9wbkSDA	Rig Builder banner ad - Rig Builder
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2-O4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQvo4SDA	iOS_iThemes HD_768x1024 - iThemes HD Designer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3OO4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiM2rYSDA	Klik disini - Download here
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4OO4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjf47gSDA	Teste - Moustachos
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqvO4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidn7oSDA	amazon banner ad - amazon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmqK5Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	Football Rumours &Transfers - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYusG5Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjy27gSDA	 banner ad - JP3 - SimplePutMemo com.adcall.SimplePutMemo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYocm5Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5wbkSDA	dB(dBcounter) banner ad - JP3 - dB Counter com.adcall.dBcounterdB(dBcounter)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi9G5Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	Celebrity Gossip - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8di5Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBja6bYSDA	Astrochicks banner ad - Astrochicks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4oe6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	Aston Villa Total News - 100% Unofficial - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyY-6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiaqLcSDA	Banner Ad 2 - Drudge
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0ba6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	Marvel vs Capcom 3 Game Guide - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYub66Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	Bolton Total News HD - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoca6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCtqgSDA	Brighton & Hove Albion Total News HD - Kevin Top Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYic66Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6i7YSDA	Camera!! for iPhone Fullscreen - Camera!! for iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8tW6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikxroSDA	Washington Examiner 320x50 - Washington Examiner
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkfW6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9iLcSDA	Free Download banner ad - Free Download
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkvW6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd47gSDA	Washington Examiner 728X90 - Washington Examiner
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyYy7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrtLgSDA	iOS RTB - 320 x 50 - iOS RTB
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYubu7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicorkSDA	ChaCha mobile banner ad - Mobile Web
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYspG8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiviKUSDA	MR - MobiReach - Easy Tasks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYupG8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_5r8SDA	angry birds banner ad - Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg6G8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip57wSDA	Fii Creator banner ad - 320x50 Android - Fii Creator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjaG8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB6MESDA	Spawn Music banner ad - Spawn Music (FREE music visualizer)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6qi8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJhr0SDA	Banner (iPad Std) - Pocket BMX Lite iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9Ki8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMvMASDA	Pick-Up Sticks - 320 x 50 - Pick-Up Sticks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_6i8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIp60SDA	InMobi 120x600 - Weather Live Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0rC8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJhr0SDA	Interstitial (iPad Retina) - Pocket BMX Lite iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3rC8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_zL0SDA	  banner ad -  
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5bC8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjksLwSDA	Interstitial - Sprout Showcase
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY67C8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIp60SDA	iAd iPad - Weather Live Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrMC8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjuuo8SDA	Android_Backgammon Gold_728x90 - Backgammon Gold
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi8i8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixi74SDA	Whiteboard banner ad - Whiteboard
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj8i8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjyxr8SDA	Reason 320x50 - Reason
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkMi8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqpb0SDA	Calendar 2012 banner ad - 728x90 iPad - Calendar 2012 HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmMi8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihkL8SDA	GoonBuggy banner ad - GoonBuggy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnMi8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-iL8SDA	Livil Christmas Bell banner ad - Livil Christmas Bell
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq8i8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBid3cISDA	banner ad header - The Dirty
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxci8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIp60SDA	InMobi 728x90 - Weather Live Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzci8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiL7r8SDA	BET 106 & Park banner ad - BET 106 & Park
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2de8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxz7wSDA	LOL Pictures banner ad - LOL Pictures
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7te8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5z7wSDA	Trende banner ad - Trende
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8te8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDjr0SDA	JP3 -Perfect BarcodeScan Rabbit com.appall.QrcodeScanRabbit QR banner ad - JP7 -Perfect BarcodeScan Rabbit com.appall.QrcodeScanRabbit QR
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-de8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjyx5USDA	Interstitial Test - Singing Santa
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxt-8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigh8ISDA	phonia_banner - phonia.IN
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyd-8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiNlcASDA	Crazy Soccer fullscreen ad - Crazy Soccer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0N-8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjw9b8SDA	TruckerSOCIAL banner ads - Android - TruckerSOCIAL
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1N-8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVmL8SDA	JustDial Leaderboard ad - JustDial
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt-e8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjYnsISDA	Forex Easy - iPad banner ad - Forex Easy - iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwOe8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3qLwSDA	Tap Zoo 2 480 x 320 - Tap Zoo 2: World Tour
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy-e8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIp60SDA	MobFox Banner 300x50 - Weather Live Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-_a8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZlr0SDA	iPad - Christmas Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg_e8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB2KISDA	Mixology-iOS-RecipeInterstitial - MixologyTM Drink Recipes (Free)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjPe8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjt_rwSDA	Angry Birds banner ad - Angry Birds Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkve8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH5r8SDA	MRAID Full Landscape - MRAID Test - Full Expand
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlve8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjf2b4SDA	Memorial Day Memo banner ad - JP7 - Memorial Day Memo com.appall.memorialscheduleMemorial 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4f68Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj59rwSDA	Ninja Cockroach banner ad - Ninja Cockroach
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzIa9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihk74SDA	Asteroid 2012 FreeD Banner ad - Asteroid 2012 Free-D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzoa9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9_KkQDA	Millennial Interstitial - Nat Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0Ya9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpk8MSDA	9innings_300X250 - 9 Innings: Pro Baseball 2011 Free!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2Ia9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPvMASDA	JustDial banner ad - JustDial
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtI69Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8870SDA	Duke Sounds - Duke Sounds - Duke Nukem Soundboard & Info
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYto69Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBilvb0SDA	iPhone - Thanksgiving Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxI69Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHqYYPDA	TheJournal.ie Fullscreen - iPad - TheJournal.ie News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYopa9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj78ESDA	Browse Fixed Lower Banner - AllSnow - Ski & snow reports, offline trail maps, & GPS tracking for skiing & snowboarding
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrJa9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirlr0SDA	Muneris Testing banner ad - 320x50 - Muneris Testing
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgZ69Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZlr0SDA	iPhone - Christmas Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmJ69Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVmL8SDA	JustDial Banner Ad - JustDial
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmp69Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjnqr4SDA	Android Banner 320x50 - Android Hearts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYop69Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibwr4SDA	Banner - iPhone: WordSearch FREE!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8qW9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjl-70SDA	Cozi Family Organizer - 320 x 50 - Cozi Family Organizer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-KW9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiu5L0SDA	iPad - Valentines Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg6a9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDi74SDA	Interstitial - Celebrity Text Messages
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhqa9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6-70SDA	CityAppTLC banner ad - CityAppTLC
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3a29Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihnr0SDA	 banner ad - JP7 - Desktopsilentmode com.appall.Desktopsilentmode
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYurW9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSrb0SDA	App Sorter banner ad - App Sorter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu7W9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjn-70SDA	Times of India 320x50 - The Times of India
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYob29Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJhr0SDA	Banner (iPad Retina) - Pocket BMX Lite iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo729Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiviKUSDA	PL - Applanet - Easy Tasks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq729Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiEpr0SDA	Move it! Free - 320x50 - Move it! Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYicW9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJhr0SDA	Interstitial (iPad Std) - Pocket BMX Lite iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYisW9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiOyLwSDA	Astrochicks banner ad - Astrochicks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj8W9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxw8ASDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlsW9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBin1bUSDA	Banner Ad - Pitchimprover
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqcW9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-xr8SDA	Spawn Sparkle banner ad - Spawn Sparkle [FREE]
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYscW9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBhsUSDA	Sticky Blocks Free - 320x50 - Sticky Blocks Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt8W9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihnJQSDA	Android Interstitial Ad - HeyWire Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8cy9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTsLwSDA	Holiday Cards banner ad - Holiday Cards
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8sy9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihscESDA	NYT News App banner ad - NYT News App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY88y9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiDksESDA	Floozled Banner ad - Floozled
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4tS9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8iL8SDA	Beauty Backgrounds banner ad - Beauty Backgrounds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5NS9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVocESDA	My Mopub Test App banner ad - My Mopub Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwdy9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZ1L0SDA	Snowman Creator banner ad - Snowman Creator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyNy9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpk8MSDA	9innings_320X50 - 9 Innings: Pro Baseball 2011 Free!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz9y9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFksESDA	jp3 - SimplePutMemo com.adcall.ContinuityCalendar~!~ banner ad - jp3 - SimplePutMemo com.adcall.ContinuityCalendar~!~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0ty9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBilvb0SDA	iPad Full Screen - Thanksgiving Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtuS9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjguY0SDA	Medium Banner Ad (temp, unused) - Pocket BMX Lite iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkey9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip5L0SDA	Notification Enhancer banner ad - Notification Enhancer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-fO9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiivb0SDA	Post Card Creator banner ad - Post Card Creator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_vO9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9870SDA	Drudge iOS - drudge
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4fu9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq57wSDA	Security Manager banner ad - Security Manager
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4vu9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWqr4SDA	FM4 - AdMob banner ad - FM4 - AdMob
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-Pu9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZnsISDA	JP3 - Black tag memo With alarm com.adcall.BlacktagMemoWithAlarm~~ banner ad - JP3 - Black tag memo With alarm com.adcall.BlacktagMemoWithAlarm~~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyoO-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJg74SDA	Giggling Schoolgirl banner ad - Giggling Schoolgirl
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY34O-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBilgcQSDA	RW - Droid - Lockup - Thrillist Rewards for Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4YO-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi1tMASDA	Test site banner ad - Test site
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtIu-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8r78SDA	Android banner ad - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtYu-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvpb0SDA	Christmas Bell Deluxe banner ad - Christmas Bell Deluxe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtou-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimvb0SDA	Solitaire Deluxe - 320 x 50 - Solitaire Deluxe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwYu-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj97b8SDA	Who Goes First banner ad - Who Goes First
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxYu-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA7r8SDA	VentureBeat 320x50 - VentureBeat
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq5O-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjShr0SDA	JP3 - Bright setting Lamp com.adcall.Brightsettinglamp  banner ad - JP3 - Bright setting Lamp com.adcall.Brightsettinglamp 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr5O-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjyqLwSDA	AppFree DD Inferior - AppFree Daily Deal
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh5u-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjK08ASDA	WSI bottom banner - Wall Street Italia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiZu-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj97b8SDA	Who Goes First Release Banner - Who Goes First
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY86K-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjN-sASDA	9innings 2011_320X50 - 9innings 2011 Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiqO-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiNm74SDA	Tap Zoo Android 480x320 - Tap Zoo Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjKO-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjArMASDA	Scary Xmas banner ad - Scary Xmas
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkaO-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5h8ISDA	tagdisk banner ad - TagDisk
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkqO-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIp60SDA	InMobi 468x90 - Weather Live Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1Kq-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqor4SDA	Global Post 320x50 - Global Post
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2qq-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiInr0SDA	picture hidden banner ad - picture hidden
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4aq-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi24b4SDA	Banner Ad - RicePad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7Kq-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijnr0SDA	Headline maker - My headlines pro banner ad - Headline maker - My headlines pro
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7aq-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIp60SDA	InMobi 320x48 - Weather Live Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0bK-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH5r8SDA	MRAID 160x600 - MRAID Test - Full Expand
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYisK-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSqr4SDA	Turkey Blast: Reloaded 320x50 - Turkey Blast: Reloaded
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjcK-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijk74SDA	Balloon Manic banner ad - Balloon Manic
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlsK-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjyt8QSDA	Spawn Symmetry banner ad - Spawn Symmetry (FREE)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl8K-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjqr4SDA	CityAppTLCBannerAd - CityAppTLC
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmMK-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBilvb0SDA	iPhone Full Screen - Thanksgiving Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY29G-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjplsISDA	SpotIt banner ad - SpotIt
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4tG-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIp60SDA	MobFox 216x36 - Weather Live Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5NG-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB28ASDA	GeoCompass banner ad - GeoCompass
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxNm-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC1r8SDA	Banner Ad - Santa Ride iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz9m-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjl6cMSDA	The New Republic 320x50 - The New Republic
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1Nm-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7nMASDA	AroundMe - 320 x 50 - AroundMe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYquG-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiviKUSDA	SZ  - SnappzMarket - Easy Tasks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr-G-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5psISDA	Droid Fashion Feed banner ad - Droid Fashion Feed
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuOG-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPlcASDA	X SpaceBreak X banner ad - X SpaceBreak X
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyuG-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJ4b4SDA	JP3 - Taskmanager for MEN com.adcall.Task manager for MEN banner ad - JP3 - Taskmanager for MEN com.adcall.Task manager for MEN
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0uG-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH5r8SDA	MRAID 728x90 - MRAID Test - Full Expand
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlum-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi228ASDA	Tunnels Free Trial banner ad - Tunnels Free Trial
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmem-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiorsISDA	Radio EDM banner ad - Radio EDM
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnem-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi428ASDA	Bottom - Christmas Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi_G-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEpsISDA	Hangman Pluz banner ad - Hangman Pluz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4vi-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpnMASDA	Calendar 2012 banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Calendar 2012
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6Pi-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBilgcQSDA	RW - Droid - Carousel - Thrillist Rewards for Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6fi-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5nMASDA	Milliyet Andorid Haber banner ad - Milliyet Andorid Haber
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy4C_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiflr0SDA	Bubble Buster Pro banner ad - Bubble Buster Pro
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY04C_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9-70SDA	isnap social banner ad - isnap social
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs4i_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiviKUSDA	PH - Phoload - Easy Tasks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuoi_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB2KISDA	Banner Ad - MixologyTM Drink Recipes (Free)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw4i_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_wMESDA	sanchongmen banner ad - sanchongmen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzYi_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJwcESDA	Spawn Lite banner ad - Spawn Lite (free light show play)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0Ii_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBittMASDA	Angry Birds banner ad - Angry Birds Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1Yi_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK4KcSDA	HOME SCREEN BANNER - Dance Legend
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm5C_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjb17wSDA	Reason 320x50 - Reason
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnJC_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiviKUSDA	AA - AndAppOnline - Easy Tasks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYppC_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjuuo8SDA	Android_Backgammon Gold_1024x768 - Backgammon Gold
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp5C_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBil5r8SDA	iPhone - Kids Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYupC_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmocESDA	RaceResults 360 banner ad - RaceResults 360
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu5C_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVmL8SDA	JustDial Medium ad - JustDial
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwZC_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0ocESDA	My banner ad - JP7 - MySettingSupport com.appall.MySettingSupportMy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhJi_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIp60SDA	Banner iPhone Retina - Weather Live Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjZi_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip5r8SDA	SnapThots Portrait Interstitial - SnapThots
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9J-_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiu5L0SDA	iPhone - Valentines Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-5-_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirlr0SDA	Muneris Testing banner ad - 728x90 - Muneris Testing
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_5-_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX2sMSDA	iPhone Banner 320x50 - iOS Hearts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgaC_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiY2sMSDA	Peep Software App Store Banner - Peep Software App Store
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0qe_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyhcASDA	Med Trax banner ad - Med Trax
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY06e_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixgsESDA	hell banner ad - hell
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu6-_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiviKUSDA	PA - PandaApp - Easy Tasks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYore_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH1r8SDA	Icon Skins Pro banner ad - Icon Skins Pro
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr7e_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjapMASDA	PhotoLawn banner ad - PhotoLawn
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj7-_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBio5r8SDA	Spawn Glow banner ad - Spawn Glow [FREE]
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkr-_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX2sMSDA	iPad Leaderboard 728x90 - iOS Hearts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3c6_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj78ESDA	Post-registration Interstitial - AllSnow - Ski & snow reports, offline trail maps, & GPS tracking for skiing & snowboarding
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5M6_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiW2sMSDA	Sex Positions banner ad - Sex Positions
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzta_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjF1r8SDA	Ipad - Forex Easy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqt6_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiviKUSDA	AO - appoke - Easy Tasks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrN6_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9_KkQDA	Millennial Banner - Nat Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYst6_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj8sASDA	Santa Ride HD banner ad - Santa Ride HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvea_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirlr0SDA	Banner Ad Medium 300x250 - Muneris Testing
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxOa_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW2b4SDA	Today's Horoscope by Kelli Fox - Today's Horoscope by Kelli Fox
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1-a_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIp60SDA	MobFox iPad - Weather Live Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2ua_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIp60SDA	InMobi 300x250 - Weather Live Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-u2_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiviKUSDA	YM - YAAM - Easy Tasks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_-2_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBju78ESDA	TruckerSOCIAL banner ad - TruckerSOCIAL
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgu6_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB7r8SDA	none banner ad - none
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0_2_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj71bQJDA	Medium Ad - Universal Count Words
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1v2_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVmL8SDA	JustDial Interstitial ad - JustDial
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2_2_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBxMUSDA	Primmo Apps - iConnexUs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsYXAEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiakL8SDA	Reason 320x50 - Reason
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoI3AEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7yLwSDA	office jerk banner ad - Office Jerk
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkpXAEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiY3cISDA	Banner Ad - X Space Break X
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYopXAEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjU4b4SDA	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9pzAEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj6cMSDA	TruckerSOCIAL banner ad - TruckerSOCIAL
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgZ3AEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibwr4SDA	Fullscreen - iPhone: WordSearch FREE!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0qTAEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC1r8SDA	Santa Ride IPhone banner ad - Santa Ride iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrrTAEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-vq0SDA	Leaderboard Ad - A Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYibzAEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiviKUSDA	CM - CamangiMarket - Easy Tasks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYirzAEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBilvb0SDA	iPad - Thanksgiving Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkLzAEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIp60SDA	InMobi 300x50 - Weather Live Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2cvAEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiviKUSDA	HS - Handster - Easy Tasks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2svAEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSyLwSDA	SpyPanda - SpyPanda
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5cvAEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinisESDA	iOS ORMMA Test Bed banner ad - iOS ORMMA Test Bed
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY68vAEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyxb0SDA	Test site banner ad - Test site
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsNvAEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiT6b4SDA	Livil_test banner ad - Livil_test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsdvAEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjP-sASDA	MISTER banner ad - Gay adult men finder: MISTER
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYudvAEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjX-sASDA	 Pixel Mall banner ad - 320x50 iPhone -  (Pixel Mall Chinese)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmOPAEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHnr0SDA	RPG Story banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - RPG Story
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnuPAEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTnr0SDA	GolfLogix: Golf GPS - 320 x 50 - GolfLogix: Golf GPS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn-PAEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4t8QSDA	 banner ad - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyfrAEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjh8sASDA	hell banner ad - hell
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2_rAEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1lsISDA	Bozza QA banner ad - Bozza QA
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoIrBEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiY3cISDA	X SpaceBreak X banner ad - X Space Break X
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoorBEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBilrvERDA	Quiz Quest medium ad - Quiz Quest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiZLBEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiD-rsSDA	Monster Maze banner ad - Monster Maze
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5KHBEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjU_b8SDA	CityAppTLC banner ad - Paideia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY56HBEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSmL8SDA	GolfLogix: Golf GPS - 320 x 50 - GolfLogix: Golf GPS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY66HBEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyh8ISDA	Edge_Android_market banner ad - Edge_Android_market
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY76HBEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjV37wSDA	Twister banner ad - Twister
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8qHBEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiW24MNDA	EA Test Tag - Mobile Web App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9qHBEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiytMASDA	Football Kicks (Android) Banner - Football Kicks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-KHBEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjaiL8SDA	droid puzzlekids banner ad - droid puzzlekids
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxanBEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwt78SDA	JT - iPhone - offerings banner 640x100 - JackThreads for iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo7HBEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiGobwSDA	Sigurth Soundboard banner ad - Sigurth Soundboard
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqLHBEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbsLwSDA	Review Game banner ad - Review Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk7nBEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjksLwSDA	Sprout showcase banner ad - Sprout Showcase
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj8HBEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH5r8SDA	MRAID 320x50 - MRAID Test - Full Expand
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxdDBEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqt78SDA	War of States banner ad - War of States
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy9DBEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwt78SDA	JT - iPhone - logo lockup 640x100 - JackThreads for iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0NDBEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK4KcSDA	SONG SCREEN BANNER - Dance Legend
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-ufBEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBilscESDA	Pixel Mall banner ad - 320x50 Android - Pixel Mall
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5O_BEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj78ESDA	allsnow banner ad - AllSnow - Ski & snow reports, offline trail maps, & GPS tracking for skiing & snowboarding
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6-_BEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiApr0SDA	Ski & Snowboard Guide to Bulgaria banner ad - Ski & Snowboard Guide to Bulgaria
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzffBEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjM98ESDA	Shoot The Zombie banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Shoot The Zombie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1PfBEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjT98ESDA	Jo Jo's Fashion Show 2_Android Market banner ad - Jo Jo's Fashion Show 2_Android Market
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr4fCEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_or4SDA	SocialWebbie banner ad - SocialWebbie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsIfCEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBid3cISDA	banner ad footer - The Dirty
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtYfCEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW37wSDA	Real Dice Roll Android banner ad - Real Dice Roll Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7ZbCEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjN-sASDA	9innings 2011_300X250 - 9innings 2011 Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1Z7CEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRm8MSDA	Voice Assisted 'Flashlight' banner ad - Voice Assisted 'Flashlight'
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwqbCEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiblcASDA	dan's app banner ad - dan's app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYra7CEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBie6b4SDA	Bottom - Thanksgiving Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrq7CEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjD4b4SDA	ebook banner ad - ebook
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlbbCEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0k8MSDA	Real Dice Roll iOS banner ad - Real Dice Roll iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl7bCEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0t78SDA	Pirate Walk banner ad - Pirate Walk
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9r3CEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1vcISDA	X SpaceBreak X 480x320 banner ad - X SpaceBreak X 480x320
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkt3CEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj78ESDA	Detail Fixed Lower Banner - AllSnow - Ski & snow reports, offline trail maps, & GPS tracking for skiing & snowboarding
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk93CEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinwLwSDA	JP3 - Antenna Level Check com.adcall.AntennaLevelCheck banner ad - JP3 - Antenna Level Check com.adcall.AntennaLevelCheck
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlN3CEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUxb0SDA	HarpCS banner ad - HarpCS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYot3CEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH5r8SDA	MRAID 300x250 - MRAID Test - Full Expand
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-eTCEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjF1r8SDA	Forex Easy banner ad - Forex Easy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_uTCEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVmL8SDA	JustDial InterstitialTab ad - JustDial
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyvTCEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZrb0SDA	Economic Times 320x50 - The Economic Times
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsvzCEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjM3L0SDA	Health OMG banner ad - Health OMG
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmoTDEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBif5r8SDA	My Confidential Photo and Video Albums banner ad - My Confidential Photo and Video Albums
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo4TDEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiH97wSDA	takephoto banner ad - takephoto
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpYTDEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVmL8SDA	JustDial Skyscraper ad - JustDial
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqYTDEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiV97wSDA	the walleye banner ad - the walleye
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgozDEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBil5r8SDA	iPad - Kids Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY65PDEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi24b4SDA	RicePad bottom banner - RicePad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9pPDEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjcpMASDA	! banner ad - JP7 - ChooseAndStickPhotoLabel com.appall.ChooseAndStickPhotoLabel.international!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY95PDEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdpMASDA	The Addicted Test banner ad - The Addicted Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx6PDEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiV97wSDA	Banner Ad 2 - the walleye
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoavDEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6uLwSDA	106 & Park banner ad - 106 & Park
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYldrDEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiz5L0SDA	Free Forex Videos banner ad - Free Forex Videos
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5unDEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4kbwSDA	give banner ad - give
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsfnDEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi157wSDA	LlegaEnHorario banner ad - LlegaEnHorario
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtfnDEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi957wSDA	Smurfs Village banner ad - Smurfs' Village
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvPnDEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjnqr4SDA	Android Leaderboard 728x90 - Android Hearts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuaDEEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikisESDA	Twins Memory banner ad - Twins Memory
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu6DEEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6oMQSDA	ba banner ad - ba 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvKDEEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJg7EPDA	v1.0.3+ - Heads Up w/ Cristiano Ronaldo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9LfEEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWhr0SDA	smurfs village banner ad - Smurfs' Village
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9rfEEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiOvMASDA	zombie cafe banner ad - Zombie Cafe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-bfEEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZnr0SDA	TruckerSOCIAL banner ads - iOS banner ad - TruckerSOCIAL banner ads - iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-7fEEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPm74SDA	Twister - Twister
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzMfEEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH5r8SDA	MRAID Full Portrait - MRAID Test - Full Expand
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_t7EEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5k8MSDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrKXFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi48MYSDA	Gorillabox.net banner ad - Gorillabox.net
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsKXFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjky80SDA	Blic Android Home P2 banner ad - Blic Android Home P2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgbXFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi15MoSDA	iPhone Retina 640x100 - Kamasutra Alive Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgrXFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4ossSDA	iPad - LDS Coloring Book
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYirXFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBic2cYSDA	EasyPhys banner ad - EasyPhys
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkbXFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBij9ccSDA	Banner Ad Meme Soundboard - Meme Soundboard
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmbXFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBilssYSDA	JP2 - Silent Camera soft.kinoko.SilentCamera() banner ad - JP2 - Silent Camera soft.kinoko.SilentCamera()
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYobXFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZzcoSDA	Homrun Battle 2 Free_320X50 - Homrun Battle 2 Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrbXFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHpc0SDA	iPad - Halloween Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr7XFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi2p8cSDA	TravSnakk Android banner ad - TravSnakk Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3bzFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBic9ccSDA	airbears banner ad - airbears
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY37zFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC9MoSDA	Frog GameBanner Ad ipad - Frog Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5LzFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivvcoSDA	Marketing Glossary Banner Ad ipad - Marketing Glossary
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6bzFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHtcUSDA	undergroundmetro banner ad - undergroundmetro
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7LzFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjihsoSDA	Eat more fruits! banner ad - Eat more fruits!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8LzFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7hc8PDA	SS2 banner iPhone carga/goal - Slide Soccer 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_rzFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7gMcSDA	Mass Personalization banner ad - Mass Personalization
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgL3FEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi988USDA	SearchResultsBanner - GumiyoNewsTest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgb3FEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiV9MoSDA	irate Walk GRATIS. - CUIDADO: Extremamente Viciante! banner ad - irate Walk GRATIS. - CUIDADO: Extremamente Viciante!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk73FEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBic3c8SDA	Teen truth and dare banner ad - Teen truth and dare
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmb3FEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjroqsQDA	More_Apps_1_320x50 - Reverse It!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx8TFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiP_ccSDA	Face Memory Game Banner Ad ipad - Face Memory Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1cTFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWuc4SDA	A_Tiny Farm_320X50 - A_Tiny Farm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY18TFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiH6M4SDA	Aliasworlds banner ad - Aliasworlds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY28TFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiL6M4SDA	Null Droid Banner - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr8zFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiE8csSDA	Falling Animals banner ad ipad - Falling Animals
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvczFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPtcoSDA	Aqua Pets 320x50 banner ad - Aqua Pets
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvszFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBil-MYSDA	 banner ad - JP7 -Bright setting tool com.appall.brightsettingtool
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwszFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjky80SDA	FuckYeah banner ad - Blic Android Home P2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxczFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5vcoSDA	Striker Manager banner ad - Striker Manager
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmdTFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMg8YSDA	Twitter TrendsBanner Ad ipad - Twitter Hot Trends
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoNTFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB1coSDA	Test Medium banner ad - Test Medium
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpdTFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjoy80SDA	A_Third Blade Free _320X50 - A_Third Blade Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-dvFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDl60SDA	Banner Ad - Alien Run
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5uPFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPockSDA	Word Shortcuts banner ad iphone - Word Shortcuts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6OPFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUockSDA	EasyPhys banner ad - EasyPhys
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7-PFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjTvS4M	HOME SCREEN BANNER - LYRIC LEGEND 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_uPFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipockSDA	JP5 - Rap Men com.bbgclub.Rapmen banner ad - JP5 - Rap Men com.bbgclub.Rapmen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyuvFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiz88USDA	iPhone - Letters to Santa!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy-vFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbtscSDA	Banner Ad - ShootMe Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0-vFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjK1swSDA	iOS main ad - Fast Car Zone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1evFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiEvcUSDA	Test App #1 banner ad - Test App #1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsfPFEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJ68USDA	hanga gubbe+ banner ad - hanga gubbe+
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkoPGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjkhsoSDA	Fullscreen ad - venge
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYooPGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhyM4SDA	Steam Rush banner ad - Steam Rush
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8IrGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitzMUSDA	Countries Finder iphone - Countries Finder
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9IrGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqpcUSDA	Alien Frenzy Banner Ad - Alien Frenzy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-YrGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjnvMUSDA	Salary Rate Calculator banner ad iphone - Salary Rate Calculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1JLGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicuvQRDA	Block Rampage banner ad (alt) - Block Rampage
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4JLGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRqsYSDA	Atari Greatest Hits iPhone Interstitial (House Ads) - Atari Greatest Hits 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5ZLGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUvscSDA	MRAID 300x250 - MRAID Test - Custom Close
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY65LGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimk8sSDA	MRAID 728x90 - MRAID Test - Open Browser
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgpPGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjlpM0SDA	Traffic Panic 3D banner ad - Traffic Panic 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvJrGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBia78kSDA	() banner ad - JP7 - ShortContacts com.appall.ShortContacts()
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw5rGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0lZESDA	iOS_3D Mahjong_320x480 - 3D Mahjong Mountain
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxZrGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBij-8USDA	FuckYeah banner ad - FuckYeah
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlqrGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp-MsSDA	MRAID Test 320x50 - MRAID Test - Full Close
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm6rGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjcvMUSDA	Requiem HD banner ad - 728x90 iPad  - Requiem HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoKrGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiO_ccSDA	Chess With Mobile banner ad iphone - Chess With Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpKrGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB28ASDA	Geocompass Banner Ad (Map) - GeoCompass
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqqrGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBink8sSDA	Jobs Aggregator Banner Ad ipad - Jobs Aggregator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtqrGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidpMgSDA	Armageddon Squadron - Interstitials banner ad - Armageddon Squadron - Interstitials
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt6rGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi37ccSDA	InMobi-demo-Android/MobileWeb banner ad - InMobi-demo-Android/MobileWeb
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0arGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikpMgSDA	Test Banne banner ad - Test Banne
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2qrGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjlucYSDA	TNR 320x50 - TNR
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5arGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0ussSDA	Pocket Search Free banner ad - Pocket Search Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY56rGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-ksYSDA	News Single  P1 - Blic Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-LHGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRqsYSDA	Atari Greatest Hits iPhone Interstitial (all Ads) - Atari Greatest Hits 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_bHGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjr-MsSDA	Magic Cannon banner ad iphone - Magic Cannon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_rHGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjr-MsSDA	Magic Cannon Banner Ad ipad - Magic Cannon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgLLGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizxscSDA	asdas banner ad - asdas
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh7LGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjAkckSDA	PartyCalculator banner ad iphone - Party Calculators
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi7LGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBju3ccSDA	Spread The Words banner ad - Spread The Words
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk7LGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipgMcSDA	Office Jerk - 320 x 50 - Office Zombie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlLLGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEkckSDA	Scifi banner ad - Scifi
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlbLGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiElI8SDA	iOS_Reverse It!_1024x768 - Reverse It!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlrLGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirxpMSDA	iOS_Tic Tac Toe_320x480 - Tic Tac Toe Glow
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoLLGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8vMUSDA	Coin Collecting - My US Coins banner ad - Coin Collecting - My US Coins
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqbLGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8qMkSDA	Banner Ad - Better Worx
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwLLGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLv8cSDA	Receipt Ninja banner ad - Receipt Ninja
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx7LGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVl8cSDA	Banner Ad full screen - Hebus HD Wallpapers & Fonds d'ecran
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyrLGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB-csSDA	Horoscopes and Tarot - iPhone banner ad - Horoscopes and Tarot - iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3bnGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRqsYSDA	Atari Greatest Hits iPad Interstitial (all Ads) - Atari Greatest Hits 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY37nGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdsMkSDA	MRAID Full Landscape - MRAID Test - Listeners
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8rnGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTzc8SDA	Header Banner Ad - The Dirty
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzcHGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdsMkSDA	MRAID 320x50 - MRAID Test - Listeners
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzsHGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFuMkSDA	Bird's the Word - 320 x 50 - Bird's the Word
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0MHGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBie8sgSDA	Breaking News - Android banner ad - Breaking News - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1MHGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBink8sSDA	Jobs Aggregator banner ad - Jobs Aggregator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2sHGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJuMkSDA	Armageddon Squadron - Ingame banner ad - Armageddon Squadron - Ingame
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY38HGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjnqr4SDA	Tablet Leaderboard 728x90 - Android Hearts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4MHGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjTvS4M	SONG SCREEN BANNER - LYRIC LEGEND 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4sHGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-ossSDA	po banner ad - po
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9sHGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv8sgSDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrsnGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEu8gSDA	Requiem banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Requiem
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYucnGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCrM0SDA	NU Full Screen Ad - NU
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwsnGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBycYSDA	Bottom - Kids Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxsnGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-ksYSDA	FuckYeah banner ad - Blic Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyMnGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiH_MoSDA	Grist 320x50 - Grist
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY18nGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWycYSDA	MyTest04 banner ad - MyTest04
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2cnGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp2csSDA	iPhone - Kids Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3MnGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjs2csSDA	Guitar! HD for iPad Leaderborad - Guitar! HD for iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4snGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX_MoSDA	I Can Has Cheezburger 320x50 - I Can Has Cheezburger 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlNHGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHgMcSDA	WT SOCOM TEST BANNER AD - WT SOCOM TEST
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl9HGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm18kSDA	MRAID 300x250 - MRAID Test - Custom Expand
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmtHGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp-MsSDA	MRAID Full Landscape - MRAID Test - Full Close
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYotHGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiP_ccSDA	Face Memory Game banner ad iphone - Face Memory Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrdHGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjGsssSDA	Main View Banner (iPhone) - Lucky Lucky Funny Land
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtdHGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-hL0IDA	iPad Fullscreen - Universal Mind Reader
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYydHGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijv8wSDA	Music banner ad - Music.
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj9nGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiO2cYSDA	Mobi Checkers banner ad iphone - Mobi Checkers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYldnGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiGzcoSDA	Snoozy Woo banner ad - Snoozy Woo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYltnGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjt_skSDA	Google banner ad - Google
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4uDGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFgMcSDA	Medium Main Menu - iPad: Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4-DGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiD-rsSDA	Monster Maze banner ad (alt) - Monster Maze
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8ODGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAk8YSDA	Pisti banner ad - Pisti
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh-HGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMqckSDA	Fullscreen - iPhone: Bounce FREE!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYieHGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBionJQSDA	iOS_Memorize_More Games_Game of the Month_300x250 - Memorize - Matching Cards
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzejGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm18kSDA	MRAID 320x50 - MRAID Test - Custom Expand
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0-jGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi36sgSDA	iPad - Animal Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4ejGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiok8sSDA	Smart Tip Calculator Banner Ad ipad - Smart Tip Calculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4-jGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisqsYSDA	Win Apps : Take part banner ad - Win Apps : Take part of CONTEST!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6OjGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0lZESDA	iOS_3D Mahjong_728x90 - 3D Mahjong Mountain
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg-nGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTuc4SDA	test-site banner ad - test-site
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjOnGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3-sgSDA	Mixology-Android banner ad - Mixology-Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlOnGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivv8cSDA	HDPI P2 (470x66) - Blic Android Single
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs_DGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjN3MoSDA	Rank Swap banner ad iphone - Rank Swap
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtPDGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiaxcoSDA	Trap or Jump Banner Ad ipad - Trap or Jump
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxPDGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQ1coSDA	Rage Comic Viewer banner ad - Rage Comic Viewer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzvDGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMytASDA	More_Apps_Ad_Smartphone_300x250 - More Apps Ads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm_jGEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjsisYSDA	Popcornflix- iPad banner ad - Popcornflix- iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjIDHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinnMgSDA	AGH Android Tablet Interstitial (Full Ads) - Atari Greatest Hits 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkYDHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6__EQDA	|||0021||gto - Android title apps 001|
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmoDHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjT38kSDA	powerpoint Shortcuts banner ad iphone - Powerpoint Shortcuts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoIDHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjw-MsSDA	Imzers (120x32 banner ads) - Imzers Forum
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtIDHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvjMgSDA	Banner Ad - This is a test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvoDHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVqsYSDA	Poraba banner ad - Poraba
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwIDHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikssYSDA	Ben & Jerry Openair Cinemas banner ad - Ben & Jerry Openair Cinemas
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxYDHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi57ccSDA	CSAT Bank - Polity banner ad - CSAT Bank - Polity
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY64fHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqh8cSDA	Android_Premium Clock_320x50 - Premium Clock
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgIjHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQycYSDA	Kisni Site banner ad - Kisni Site
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2I_HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifxcoSDA	LbsGeocodingPOC banner ad - LbsGeocodingPOC
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5o_HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiV9a0SDA	GoodReads 728x90 - Good Reads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6I_HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBxcoSDA	grgregreg banner ad - grgregreg
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx5fHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjlpM0SDA	Traffic Panic Tablet Banner Ad - Traffic Panic 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyJfHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjlpM0SDA	Traffic Panic 3D interstitial ad - Traffic Panic 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy5fHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8qMkSDA	Banner Ad full - Better Worx
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1JfHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjGssYSDA	TVguide-Test banner ad - TVguide-Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqJ_HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3rscSDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvp_HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivv8cSDA	MDPI P1 (310x44) - Blic Android Single
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnafHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi15MoSDA	728x90 Portrait - Kamasutra Alive Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqafHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4-LMJDA	iPad fullscreen - Universal Riddle 500 i
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs6fHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUr8cSDA	Medium banner ad - Space Break Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg6_HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjnqr4SDA	Tablet Leaderboard - Android Hearts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhq_HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidv8cSDA	Light. banner ad - Light
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkK_HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVv8cSDA	Honeyrun HD Free (Android) banner ad - Honeyrun HD Free (Android)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmK_HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJpc0SDA	makassar now banner ad - Makassar Now
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4LbHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdj8cSDA	YANA banner ad - YANA
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2L7HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj48USDA	ThaiWeather banner ad - ThaiWeather
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5b7HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinosYSDA	Forest Warriors Banner Ad ipad - Forest Warriors
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY877HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjx3ccSDA	My 25 Top Acoustic Guitar banner ad - My 25 Top Acoustic Guitar
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9r7HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjq48USDA	Astrochicks banner ad - Astrochicks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgb_HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVzcoSDA	Partycosmos Android banner ad - Partycosmos Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhr_HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiElI8SDA	iOS_Reverse It!_728x90 - Reverse It!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh7_HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8ocsPDA	Android_Diamond Crusher_728x90 - Diamond Crusher
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi7_HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinp8cSDA	mytest banner ad - mytest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk7_HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjx48USDA	Floozled banner ad - Floozled
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlb_HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj63ccSDA	Loser Pays banner ad - Loser Pays
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmL_HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj38kSDA	Banner Ad testing purpose - Application made for tests
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpb_HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiE3scSDA	El Temps banner ad - El Temps
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs7_HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitp8cSDA	Memory Challenge HD banner ad - Memory Challenge HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvL_HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMzc8SDA	Memebase 300x250 - Memebase
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx7_HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEnMgSDA	Guess The Number banner ad - Guess The Number
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0L_HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjInMgSDA	the games banner ad - the games
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY27_HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvyM4SDA	Word Search banner ad - Word Search
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3r_HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjroqsQDA	More_Apps_4(rect)_300x250 - Reverse It!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4b_HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4rKYSDA	Android_Memorize_728x90 - Memorize
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6r_HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWnMgSDA	mobi69.blogspot.com banner ad - mobi69.blogspot.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrMbHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVzscSDA	Popcornflix-iPhone banner ad - Popcornflix-iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYscbHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijqsYSDA	Excel Shortcuts banner ad iphone - Excel Shortcuts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYssbHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdsMkSDA	MRAID 728x90 - MRAID Test - Listeners
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu8bHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZwcYSDA	!! banner ad - JP7 - Sakigake Otokojyuku  Weather com.appall.OjWeather!! 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYycbHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinssYSDA	Horoscope.com (MobileWeb) Interstitial Fullscreen 320x480 - Horoscope.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYysbHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjlsMkSDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz8bHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrqsYSDA	DPI banner ad - DPI
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2cbHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxsMkSDA	Tic-tac-toe banner ad - Tic-tac-toe (temp name)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYldbHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjeoc4SDA	Daily Romantic ToDo's For Him banner ad - Daily Romantic ToDo's For Him
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYltbHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig480SDA	iPhone - Valentines Card Creator!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpNbHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitg8YSDA	Sport Single P1 - Blic Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs9bHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBic2tASDA	Banner Tablet 728x90 - Hebus HD Wallpapers & Fonds d'ecran
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtdbHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi18sgSDA	Asteroid 2012 Free D Interstitial - Asteroid 2012 Free-D 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5d3HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUvscSDA	MRAID 320x50 - MRAID Test - Custom Close
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-N3HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjYgMwSDA	BANNER - Lyric Legend
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh97HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiKj88SDA	JP7 - Memory Manager  com.appall.memorymanager banner ad - JP7 - Memory Manager  com.appall.memorymanager
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkt7HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitg8YSDA	Info Home P1 - Blic Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYld7HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOhc0SDA	iPad Photo Ad-P - -
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnd7HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjT984SDA	Interstitial - The Dirty iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoN7HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUi8sSDA	web banner ad - web
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsN7HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTh8oSDA	Pirate Walk  FREE banner ad - Pirate Walk FREE. - WARNING: Insanely Addictive! 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYst7HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7g8YSDA	FashionBuyer banner ad - FashionBuyer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtN7HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwt78SDA	JT - iPhone - sale banner 320x50 - JackThreads for iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy-XHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRqsYSDA	Atari Greatest Hits iPad Interstitial (House Ads) - Atari Greatest Hits 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYse3HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSk5cSDA	Banner Ad - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwe3HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWuc4SDA	A_Tiny Farm_728X90 - A_Tiny Farm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwu3HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtucYSDA	Kansas City Demo Category Listing - Kansas City Demo Site
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn_XHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjuvMUSDA	Indovinelli banner ad - Indovinelli
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYovXHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvvMUSDA	Footy Live Scores banner ad - Footy Live Scores
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtvXHEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYvcUSDA	Banner - iPhone: Solitaire FREE!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiP3HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWvO4ODA	Thrillist for iPhone Intro Interstitial - Thrillist for iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjf3HEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitzMUSDA	ipad Banner Ad - Countries Finder
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6YTIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMqsYSDA	Test App banner ad - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7ITIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi15MoSDA	Banner iPad 728x90 - Kamasutra Alive Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY84TIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWqsYSDA	Secret Browser banner ad - Secret Browser
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-oTIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitg8YSDA	Sport Category P1 - Blic Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_4TIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEpMgSDA	Galaxy Bowl banner ad - Galaxy Bowl
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1YzIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUg8sSDA	Forest Defense iPad banner ad - 728x90 iPad - Forest Defense HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2ozIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUvscSDA	MRAID Full Landscape - MRAID Test - Custom Close
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4IzIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBih78kSDA	Accounting Glossary banner ad iphone - Accounting Glossary
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4YzIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip0cYSDA	Sun and Chinese Sign Banner Ad ipad - Sun and Chinese Signs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY54zIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9ycsSDA	Astrochicks banner ad - Astrochicks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY64zIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiByssSDA	ASTRO banner ad - ASTRO
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY94zIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIlMgSDA	live nfl banner ad - NFL livesports24
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxJTIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxhMgSDA	Banner Ad - Main Menu / Summary Screen - Heads Up Cristiano Ronaldo iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx5TIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjGlMgSDA	Android ad - Fast Car Zone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz5TIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivv8cSDA	HDPI P3 (470x66) - Blic Android Single
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoZzIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiDgMcSDA	ANDROID banner ad - ANDROID
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsJzIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8ocsPDA	Android_Diamond Crusher_1024x768 - Diamond Crusher
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt5zIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA3scSDA	TOR Status Droid banner ad - TOR Status Droid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw5zIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjGsssSDA	Main View Banner (ipad) - Lucky Lucky Funny Land
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzpzIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-wcYSDA	Full Screen Banner Ad - Space Break! Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3pzIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidq7YSDA	ChaCha iPad Drawer Ad - iPad 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjaTIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiz88USDA	iPad iAd - Letters to Santa!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkqTIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinosYSDA	Forest Warriors banner ad iphone - Forest Warriors
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlKTIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdsMkSDA	MRAID 160x600 - MRAID Test - Listeners
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrKTIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiE6cYSDA	Free. banner ad - Free.
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtqTIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH58kSDA	2012 horocope free banner ad - 2012 horocope free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxaTIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMytASDA	More_Apps_Ad1_320x50 - More Apps Ads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzaTIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBionJQSDA	iOS_Memorize_More Games_Banner 2_320x50 - Memorize - Matching Cards
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-KvIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikxcoSDA	Terminal Emulator - Android Terminal Emulator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-qvIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig5swSDA	InMobi-demo-iPhone banner ad - InMobi-demo-iPhone 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-6vIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfj8cSDA	YANACat banner ad - YANACat
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_qvIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9q8gSDA	Outdoors Insurance Mobile Banner (Android) - Outfitters
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_6vIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIp60SDA	728x90 Portrait - Weather Live Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2bPIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMqsYSDA	300x250 - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4rPIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjXqsYSDA	Graphic Equalizer Music File Player banner ad - Graphic Equalizer Music File Player
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYybvIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIu8gSDA	QR banner ad - JP7 - Perfect BarcodeScan Cat com.appall.QrcodeScanCatQR
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2bvIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBia1coSDA	i_PF VS Free_300X250 - i_Puzzle Family VS Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrMPIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiE8csSDA	Falling Animals banner ad iphone - Falling Animals
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsMPIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi15MoSDA	iPad 1024x66 - Kamasutra Alive Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYscPIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUvscSDA	MRAID Full Portrait - MRAID Test - Custom Close
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYssPIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdsMkSDA	MRAID 300x250 - MRAID Test - Listeners
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtcPIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxh8cSDA	~~(PrivacyGuardDog) banner ad - JP7 - PrivacyGuardDog com.appall.privacybanken~~(PrivacyGuardDog)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw8PIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCjsoSDA	Bottom Banner - 320x50 - Cheat Codes 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy8PIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0h8cSDA	Atul Patel banner ad - Atul Patel
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0cPIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ1coSDA	KeyChord Lite Tablet Leaderbord - KeyChord Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0sPIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig480SDA	iPad - Valentines Card Creator!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1MPIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbickSDA	Test banner ad - The Moron Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk8vIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm18kSDA	MRAID Full Landscape - MRAID Test - Custom Expand
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnMvIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijqsYSDA	Excel Shortcuts Banner Ad ipad - Excel Shortcuts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoMvIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjljMgSDA	Make My Song Jingle Bells banner ad - Make My Song Jingle Bells
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvMvIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj738kSDA	Banner - iPhone: Mahjong FREE!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxcvIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdxMUSDA	Islamic video flowers banner ad - Islamic video flowers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgNPIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi15MoSDA	728x90 Landscape - Kamasutra Alive Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgtPIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB08gSDA	Logwap mobile blog banner ad - Logwap mobile blog
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6trIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4vscSDA	puttyfer.babes banner ad - puttyfer.babes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8drIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQ1coSDA	Interstitial Ad - Rage Comic Viewer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8trIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiS_MoSDA	Kiplinger 300x250 - Kiplinger
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_drIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIwMkSDA	Android App Interstitial banner ad - Android App Interstitial
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzeLIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjt-8oSDA	La Cartelera Phone - La Cartelera
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0OLIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp-MsSDA	MRAID Full Portrait - MRAID Test - Full Close
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6OLIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitg8YSDA	Info Home P2 - Blic Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6eLIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ_MoSDA	Rugby Manager 4 Android Lite banner ad - Rugby Manager 4 Android Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu-rIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiaxcoSDA	Trap or Jump banner ad iphone - Trap or Jump
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy-rIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHsLYJDA	iPad fullscreen - Universal  BigAnswers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzerIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjctcoSDA	S Tiles Puzzle banner ad - S Tiles Puzzle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzurIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdtcoSDA	Arkadas Okey banner ad - Arkadas Okey
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1OrIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKxagSDA	Advertise Here - OttawaValley
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3-rIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_-sgSDA	FailBlog 320x50 - FailBlog
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5OrIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBionJQSDA	iOS_Memorize_More Games_Banner 1_320x50 - Memorize - Matching Cards
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5erIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi298kSDA	BeTransit banner ad - BeTransit
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6OrIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOvcoSDA	Fly Me To The Moon banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Fly Me To The Moon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn_LIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC1scSDA	Essential Health Calculator banner ad iphone - Essential Health Calculators
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpfLIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik8sgSDA	iGoMeet banner ad - iGoMeet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh_rIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJg7EPDA	Test Interstitial - Heads Up w/ Cristiano Ronaldo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkfrIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC9MoSDA	FrogGame banner ad iphone - Frog Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk_rIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxgckSDA	Grindr banner ad - Grindr - Gay, bi, & curious guy finder of the same sex.
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlPrIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC0MkSDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlfrIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUvscSDA	MRAID 160x600 - MRAID Test - Custom Close
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl_rIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjnvMUSDA	Salary Rate Calculator Banner Ad ipad - Salary Rate Calculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo_rIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjkhsoSDA	venge banner ad - venge
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqvrIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiKi8YSDA	International Business Times 320x50 - International Business Times
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrfrIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzl6USDA	iPad fullscreen - universal riddles3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuPrIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9hsoSDA	TagDisk HD banner ad - TagDisk HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwvrIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSvcUSDA	Null Droid Banner - Null Droid Banner
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxvrIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiegskSDA	Banner - iPhone: SameGame FREE!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0PrIEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjttKsSDA	Asteroid Interstitial Ad - Asteroid 2012 Free-D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8IHJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjvscSDA	Trap Balls Banner Ad ipad - Trap Balls
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9IHJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBih78kSDA	Accounting Glossary Banner Ad ipad - Accounting Glossary
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh4LJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi2mckSDA	Outfitters (Android) banner ad - Outfitters (Android)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiYLJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj71bQJDA	iPad fullscreen - Universal Count Words
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYloLJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOhc0SDA	iPhone Photo Ad-L - -
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnILJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTzc8SDA	Footer Banner Ad  - The Dirty
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpILJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCoNESDA	Healthful Hypnosis banner ad - Healthful Hypnosis
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY04nJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjc6MYSDA	K Simple Tip Calculator banner ad - K Simple Tip Calculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1onJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVickSDA	rterm banner ad - rterm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYupHJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFgMcSDA	Leaderboard - iPad: Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwpHJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5hc0SDA	ffdfd banner ad - ffdfd
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx5HJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifssYSDA	Test Interstitial banner ad - Test Interstitial
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzJHJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHgMcSDA	SafeCycle Enterprises banner ad - SafeCycle Enterprises
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzpHJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitg8YSDA	Sport Home P2 - Blic Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0ZHJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjx48USDA	Startup Ad - Floozled
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY05HJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWl8cSDA	ExpenseTracker banner ad - ExpenseTracker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo5nJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm18kSDA	MRAID 728x90 - MRAID Test - Custom Expand
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYspnJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirxpMSDA	iOS_Tic Tac Toe_1024x768 - Tic Tac Toe Glow
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvZnJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtucYSDA	KC Jobs All - Kansas City Demo Site
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyJnJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKoNESDA	Car Creator banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Car Creator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiaHJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFgMcSDA	Medium - iPad: Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjqHJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimk8sSDA	MRAID 320x50 - MRAID Test - Open Browser
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkaHJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiok8sSDA	Smart Tip Calculator banner ad iphone - Smart Tip Calculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlqHJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqk8sSDA	Art Color Draw banner ad - Art Color Draw
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY86jJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm18kSDA	MRAID Full Portrait - MRAID Test - Custom Expand
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi6nJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMytASDA	More_Apps_Ad_Tablet_300x250 - More Apps Ads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6rDJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSuMkSDA	TestDemo banner ad - TestDemo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8LDJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7wcYSDA	3D Camera  medium ad - 3D Camera
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8rDJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjcuMkSDA	The Best Police Lights 2 Free! Banner ad - The Best Police Lights 2 Free!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY87DJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-wcYSDA	Medium Banner Ad - Space Break! Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwbjJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZsMkSDA	320x50 - Omniauto.it
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxrjJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4ossSDA	iPhone - LDS Coloring Book
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx7jJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0xscSDA	asdas banner ad - asdas
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1bjJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit8sgSDA	Townies banner ad - Townies
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY37jJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-wcYSDA	Banner Ad IPAD - Space Break! Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4bjJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjroqsQDA	More_Apps_2_320x50 - Reverse It!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwMDJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFh8oSDA	iTorch4 - AdWhirl Integration - iTorch4 Flashlight
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYycDJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjyyM4SDA	July Systems banner ad - July Systems
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy8DJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtucYSDA	KC Test - Kansas City Demo Site
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlcjJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjsisYSDA	Full page interstitial - Popcornflix- iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYncjJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjnhsoSDA	! banner ad - JP7 - Notepad Handy com.appall.NotepadHandy!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg9DJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWwssSDA	ivanity banner ad - iVanity Mirror (Free)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjdDJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiM0MkSDA	Paper Glider vs Gnomes Android phone banner ad - Paper Glider vs. Gnomes (A)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmtDJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipwssSDA	SAT Math Lite banner ad - SAT Math Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYndDJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_-sgSDA	FailBlog 300x250 - FailBlog
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYntDJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp2csSDA	iPad - Kids Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5NfJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7z8kSDA	Main Screen - CarBuzz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY79fJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimk8sSDA	MRAID 300x250 - MRAID Test - Open Browser
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY89fJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC1scSDA	Essential Health Calculator Banner Ad ipad - Essential Health Calculators
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-tfJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj26MYSDA	You Rather Fullscreen Ad - You Rather
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgNjJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6k-URDA	Xbox & PSN 300x250 - Xbox Live & PSN Manager
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgdjJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiM0MkSDA	Full Screen - Paper Glider vs. Gnomes (A)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhtjJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIp60SDA	728x90 Landscape - Weather Live Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkNjJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiF5c8SDA	The Dirty banner ad - The Dirty
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYldjJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYvcUSDA	Fullscreen - iPhone: Solitaire FREE!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyd_JEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiknMgSDA	Video & Media Organizer banner ad - Video & Media Organizer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1t_JEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimk8sSDA	MRAID Full Portrait - MRAID Test - Open Browser
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3N_JEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBif-8USDA	arhbaeh banner ad - arhbaeh
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4d_JEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv2Y8RDA	iOS_Diamond Crusher_1024x768 - Diamond Crusher
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5N_JEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj38kSDA	Application made for tests banner ad - Application made for tests
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5d_JEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8ocsPDA	Android_Diamond Crusher_320x480 - Diamond Crusher
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt-fJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp-MsSDA	MRAID 300x250 - MRAID Test - Full Close
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwOfJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8qMkSDA	Better Worx banner ad - Better Worx
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwufJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjprcoSDA	Iqra' ichhar - Iqra'
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyOfJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjurcoSDA	4information banner ad - 4information
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyufJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-v8wSDA	Angry Kong Kong banner ad - Angry Kong Kong
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm-_JEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiO_ccSDA	Chess With Mobile Banner Ad - Chess With Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYne_JEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBic78kSDA	Fish Hunter Game banner ad iphone - Fish Hunter Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp-_JEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5vscSDA	Pretty Pet Salon Seasons banner ad - 320x50 Android - Pretty Pet Salon Seasons
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYse_JEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiM0MkSDA	Tablet Banner Ad - Paper Glider vs. Gnomes (A)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh_fJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi36sgSDA	iPhone - Animal Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkvfJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0lZESDA	iOS_3D Mahjong_1024x768 - 3D Mahjong Mountain
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlffJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBja4sgSDA	Cookie Munchers banner ad - Cookie Munchers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoPfJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiOk8YSDA	JP7 - Quick Setup  com.appall.quicksetup  banner ad - JP7 - Quick Setup  com.appall.quicksetup 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoffJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjgj8cSDA	Splitster banner ad - Splitster
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsvfJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiE_8kSDA	365 Bowling banner ad - 365 Bowling
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtPfJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjq4sgSDA	Unused Adspace - Updraft Jack
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtffJEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQxcoSDA	Motivation banner ad - Motivation
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6f7JEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB98kSDA	Zedge Ringtones & Wallpapers interstitial - Zedge Ringtones & Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6_7JEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinnMgSDA	AGH Android Tablet Interstitial (House Ads) - Atari Greatest Hits 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8P7JEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWwcYSDA	Carpool Calculator Banner Ad ipad - Carpool Calculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhf_JEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHpc0SDA	iPhone - Halloween Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1obKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinnMgSDA	AGH Android Phone Interstitial (House Ads) - Atari Greatest Hits 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2YbKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjN3MoSDA	Rank Swap Banner Ad ipad - Rank Swap
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2obKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiO2cYSDA	Mobi Checkers Banner Ad ipad - Mobi Checkers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY24bKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBic78kSDA	Fish Hunter Game Banner Ad ipad - Fish Hunter Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY34bKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMg8YSDA	Twitter Hot Trends banner ad iphone - Twitter Hot Trends
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5YbKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiL9MoSDA	Aussie Rules Live banner ad - AFL Aussie Rules Live 2011
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7obKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQ9MoSDA	JP7 - Simple Timer com.appall.SimpleTimer banner ad - JP7 - Simple Timer com.appall.SimpleTimer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiIfKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVvcUSDA	naxeres banner ad - naxeres
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjofKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBij3scSDA	noideaforyou banner ad - noideaforyou
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkIfKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi2g8YSDA	iPhone - Valentines Memory Match!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvI7KEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjAhc0SDA	piaomsg banner ad - piaomsg
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxo7KEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOhc0SDA	iPhone Photo Ad-P - -
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYopbKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk1MoSDA	JP7 - Power Saving com.adcall.PowerSaving banner ad - JP7 - Power Saving com.appclub.PowerSaving
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp5bKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVg8YSDA	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi57KEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiz88USDA	iPad - Letters to Santa!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjJ7KEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbtscSDA	ShootMeGame banner ad - ShootMe Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8qXKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjiwYERDA	RW - iPhone - logo lockup - Thrillist Rewards for iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9qXKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi15MoSDA	iPad 768x66 - Kamasutra Alive Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-qXKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjErM0SDA	PurplePenguin Mobile Tests banner ad - PurplePenguin Mobile Tests
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_KXKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4w8gSDA	Ladubug Killers banner - Ladubug Killers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgKbKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQ8csSDA	Loser Pays banner ad - Loser Pays
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4K3KEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6qsYSDA	3Pt Academy banner ad - 3Pt Academy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4q3KEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiElI8SDA	iOS_Reverse It!_320x480 - Reverse It!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8a3KEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3ussSDA	dsg (Papaya/CN dist) banner ad - Slide Pencil Lead (Papaya/CN dist)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxrXKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5iMwSDA	ShootMe Game banner ad - ShootMe Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyLXKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivvcoSDA	MarketingGlossary banner ad iphone - Marketing Glossary
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY17XKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-ksYSDA	Info Home P2 - Blic Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY47XKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOzMUSDA	(Alarm for Men) banner ad - com.appall.AlarmforMen(Alarm for Men)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY67XKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWzMUSDA	Heavy.com - 300 x 250 - Heavy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-LXKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJxcoSDA	FairyPreview banner ad - FairyPreview
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq73KEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi46sgSDA	knots banner ad - Knots
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw73KEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivrs8SDA	cyberpinoy banner ad - CyberPinoy Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlMXKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinnMgSDA	AGH Android Phone Interstitial (Full Ads) - Atari Greatest Hits 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm8XKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK98kSDA	Snoozy Woo banner ad - Snoozy Woo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnMXKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip0cYSDA	Sun and Chinese Sign banner ad iphone - Sun and Chinese Signs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqsXKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjI6sgSDA	Bottom - Animal Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYusXKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4280SDA	Banners - TOV App Banners
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzMXKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzkNESDA	320x50 banner ad - Dhingana Music
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzcXKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzkNESDA	728x90 Banner Ad (Tablets) - Dhingana Music
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkM3KEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixn8cSDA	Armageddon Squadron - Menus banner ad - Armageddon Squadron - Menus
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkc3KEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjimf4KDA	Banner Ad #3 - Angry Birds Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYks3KEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBr8cSDA	IOS Breaking News banner ad - Breaking News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnc3KEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVr8cSDA	Banner - iPhone: ALL-IN-1 Bubbles Gamebox
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoM3KEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_q9ASDA	|GeoQuiz phone banner - Brain Cafe || GeoQuiz|
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYos3KEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvv8cSDA	Fly Me To The Moon Lite banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Fly Me To The Moon Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_tTKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCjsoSDA	Top Banner - 320x50 - Cheat Codes 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4tzKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiS1coSDA	 banner ad - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs-TKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA0MkSDA	Taipei Disaster Map banner ad - Taipei Disaster Map
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtuTKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi15MoSDA	Kamasutra Alive Free iPhone 320x50 - Kamasutra Alive Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt-TKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjT38kSDA	Powerpoint Shortcuts Banner Ad ipad - Powerpoint Shortcuts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuuTKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiE0MkSDA	Sleep Calculator banner ad iphone - Sleep Calculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvuTKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	Android - Article - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv-TKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm6MYSDA	Idee Regalo banner ad - Idee Regalo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy-TKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU0MkSDA	() banner ad - JP7 - Privacy Guard Filter(Girls Pack) com.appall.PrivacyGuardFilter()
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz-TKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtucYSDA	KC Healthcare - Kansas City Demo Site
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhPTKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimk8sSDA	MRAID Full Landscape - MRAID Test - Open Browser
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlvTKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6_84SDA	Golf Pad banner - Golf Pad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmPTKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOhc0SDA	iPhone Front Ad - -
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnvTKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj738kSDA	Fullscreen - iPhone: Mahjong FREE!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo_TKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMytASDA	More_Apps_Ad3_320x50 - More Apps Ads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7PvKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm18kSDA	MRAID 160x600 - MRAID Test - Custom Expand
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-PvKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1ksYSDA	3d Mahjong Mountain banner ad - 3D Mahjong Mountain
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_vvKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv2Y8RDA	iOS_Diamond Crusher_320x480 - Diamond Crusher
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgvzKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX98kSDA	 banner ad - JP7 - Call blocking blacklist com.appall.CallBlockingBlacklist
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlfzKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjT984SDA	Banner ad - The Dirty iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn_zKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjb984SDA	Space Break Lite banner ad - Space Break Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp_zKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_q9ASDA	|GeoQuiz Tablet banner - Brain Cafe || GeoQuiz|
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqfzKEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwt78SDA	JT - iPhone - logo lockup 320x50 - JackThreads for iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuYvLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFwcYSDA	Postman banner ad - Postman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu4vLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVzscSDA	Full page interstitial - Popcornflix-iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvIvLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimk8sSDA	MRAID 160x600 - MRAID Test - Open Browser
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwYvLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjAkckSDA	Party Calculator Banner Ad ipad - Party Calculators
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz4vLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjwwcYSDA	Daily Simple Romantic ToDo\'s For Him Free banner ad - Daily Simple Romantic ToDo\'s For Him Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0YvLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK3scSDA	i_Tiny Farm_320X50 - i_Tiny Farm by Com2uS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1ovLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBic2tASDA	Banner Ad full screen - Hebus HD Wallpapers & Fonds d'ecran
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2YvLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBie2tASDA	Pirate Walk HD BRASIL Banner ad - Pirate Walk HD - BRASIL
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpJPLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjvscSDA	Trap Balls banner ad - Trap Balls
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq5PLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7hc8PDA	SS2 banner iPad carga - Slide Soccer 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrpPLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirxpMSDA	iOS_Tic Tac Toe_728x90 - Tic Tac Toe Glow
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYupPLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4v8cSDA	tiny farm banner ad - tiny farm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvpPLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_v8cSDA	Null Droid Interstitial - Null Droid Interstitial
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxJPLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-wcYSDA	Banner Ad - Space Break! Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiZvLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLvscSDA	SelectableMediaDemoGame banner ad - SelectableMediaDemoGame
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-aLLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWwcYSDA	Carpool Calculator banner ad iphone - Carpool Calculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh6PLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitg8YSDA	Info Category P1 - Blic Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyLLLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCjsoSDA	Medium Rectangle - 300x250 - Cheat Codes 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzbLLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBju38kSDA	 banner ad - JP2 - Emergency Alarm kinoko.club.EmergencyAlarm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1LLLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikxroSDA	Washington Examiner 742x105 - Washington Examiner
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYncLLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiDgskSDA	ranilo banner ad - ranilo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnsLLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE5MoSDA	gfdeswa banner ad - gfdeswa
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpsLLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivv8cSDA	MDPI P2 (310x44) - Blic Android Single
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrMLLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig3c8SDA	Fullscreen - iPhone: Marble Rush FREE!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-snLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp-MsSDA	MRAID 728x90 - MRAID Test - Full Close
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_MnLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZg8sSDA	blic android banner ad - blic android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_8nLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKj_IODA	Leaderboard - Listomania
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhMrLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4tM0SDA	Prospect 320x50 - Prospect
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhsrLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQ6cYSDA	Testapp banner ad - Testapp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiMrLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqor4SDA	Global Post 728x90 - Global Post
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYisrLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6pMgSDA	4information banner ad - 4information
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj8rLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK5c8SDA	TEST Interstitials banner ad - TEST Interstitials
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5tHLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdsMkSDA	MRAID Full Portrait - MRAID Test - Listeners
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7dHLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ98kSDA	JP7 - Ordinary Calendar com.appall.ordinarycalendar banner ad - JP7 - Ordinary Calendar com.appall.ordinarycalendar
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9dHLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjoy80SDA	A_Third Blade Free _Full - A_Third Blade Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-tHLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiS_MoSDA	Kiplinger 728x90 - Kiplinger
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgtLLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiviKUSDA	MB - Mobango - Easy Tasks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhNLLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjroqsQDA	More_Apps_3_320x50 - Reverse It!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy9nLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp-MsSDA	MRAID 160x600 - MRAID Test - Full Close
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzNnLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5iMwSDA	Banner Ad - ShootMe Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0NnLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi24csSDA	K Simple Tip Calculator banner ad - K Simple Tip Calculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2tnLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-ksYSDA	Info Home P1 - Blic Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn-nLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPockSDA	Word Shortcuts Banner Ad ipad - Word Shortcuts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9_jLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjYqsYSDA	YesOrNoTarot (iOS App) Banner Bottom 320x50 - Yes or No Tarot
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_PjLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitg8YSDA	Sport Category P2 - Blic Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgPnLEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMytASDA	More_Apps_Ad2_320x50 - More Apps Ads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1IDMEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUvscSDA	MRAID 728x90 - MRAID Test - Custom Close
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2YDMEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjYgMwSDA	SONG INTERSTITIAL - Lyric Legend
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxIjMEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiy280SDA	Blic Android webivew P1 - Blic Android webivew
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs5DMEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjpbASDA	Economist Test - Amazon Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtpDMEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVjsoSDA	nike banner ad - Nike+ GPS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn7_MEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxhMgSDA	Pause Button - Home Button - Heads Up Cristiano Ronaldo iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrb_MEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiDqckSDA	demoresto700 banner ad - demoresto700
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsL_MEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqor4SDA	Global Post 300x250 - Global Post
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtr_MEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOhc0SDA	iPad Photo Ad-L - -
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvb_MEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIqckSDA	ipublisher banner ad - ipublisher
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwL_MEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjb984SDA	Banner Ad - Space Break Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpObMEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9q8gSDA	Outfitters banner ad - Outfitters
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqubMEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjlj8cSDA	Office Jerk - 320 x 50 - Office Jerk
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvYXNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjt1MoSDA	 banner ad - JP3 - dB Counter com.adcall.dBcounter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv4XNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3vscSDA	 banner ad - JP7 - Watch Collection com.adcall.WatchCollection
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx4XNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX2sMSDA	Leaderboard 728x90 - iOS Hearts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyIXNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX2sMSDA	iPad Leaderboard  728x90 - iOS Hearts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzIXNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi50cYSDA	TV Program - iOS banner ad - TV Program - iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY34XNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivv8cSDA	HDPI P1 (470x66) - Blic Android Single
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6IXNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjXv8cSDA	TravSnakk banner ad - TravSnakk
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY74XNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBia1coSDA	i_PF VS Free_320X50 - i_Puzzle Family VS Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8oXNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBic2tASDA	Banner Ad 320x50 - Hebus HD Wallpapers & Fonds d'ecran
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY84XNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVkckSDA	Cannon Boy banner ad - Cannon Boy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3KTNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikp8cSDA	My Secret: Social banner ad - My Secret: Social
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4aTNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTzcoSDA	Partycosmos banner ad - PARTYCOSMOS - Global Event Community
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5qTNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjy4MYSDA	MyCoinsUS banner ad - MyCoinsUS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9qTNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivv8cSDA	Blic Android Single banner ad - Blic Android Single
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_6TNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitg8YSDA	Sport Home P1 - Blic Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhqXNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTr8cSDA	Quiz Calcio App banner ad - Quiz Calcio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqbTNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjt6MYSDA	Data Usage Defender banner ad - Data Usage Defender
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq7TNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjv6MYSDA	Miner Speed - 320 x 50 - Miner Speed
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr7TNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj06MYSDA	You Rather Fullscreen Interstitial - You Rather
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsLTNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjY640RDA	Slide Soccer 2 iPad carga/goal - Slide Soccer 2 iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsbTNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvjMgSDA	This is a test banner ad - This is a test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvbTNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZzcoSDA	Homrun Battle 2 Free_300X250 - Homrun Battle 2 Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwbTNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ6cYSDA	Main View Banner (ipad) - Lucky Lucky Funny Land (iPad)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwrTNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBia6cYSDA	testapp banner ad - testapp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5cvNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiD1coSDA	Bottom - Halloween Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsdvNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjYgMwSDA	SONG SCREEN BANNER - Lyric Legend
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs9vNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC0cYSDA	Washington Monthly 320x50 - Washington Monthly
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnOPNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBo8sSDA	asd banner ad - asd
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn-PNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjoy80SDA	A_Third Blade Free _300X250 - A_Third Blade Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYouPNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOhc0SDA	iPad Front Ad-L - -
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0_rNEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiuxcoSDA	FSM banner ad - FSM
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8ZnOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinssYSDA	Horoscope.com (MobileWeb) Banner Bottom 320x50 - Horoscope.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2qHOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipkMwSDA	bcvbcv banner ad - bcvbcv
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnrnOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitg8YSDA	Info Category P2 - Blic Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYobnOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK3scSDA	i_Tiny Farm_728X90 - i_Tiny Farm by Com2uS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqLnOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFh8oSDA	iTorch4 - MoPub Integration - iTorch4 Flashlight
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrLnOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjItM0SDA	test app banner ad - test app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhsHOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii3c8SDA	JT - Android - sale banner - JackThreads for Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5MjOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivv8cSDA	P1 - Blic Android Single
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7cjOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj42sgSDA	Periodicos de Puerto Rico banner ad - Periodicos de Puerto Rico
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9MjOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjU0M4SDA	Banner Ad - Battle Harvest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0NDOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDwMkSDA	MAX TV for android banner ad - MAX TV for android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhOjOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZzcoSDA	Homrun Battle 2 Free_728X90 - Homrun Battle 2 Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiejOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOhc0SDA	iPad Front Ad-P - -
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkujOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-wcYSDA	Medium Banner Ad IPAD - Space Break! Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0vfOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiS_MoSDA	Kiplinger 320x50 - Kiplinger
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1ffOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX_MoSDA	I Can Has Cheezburger 300x250 - I Can Has Cheezburger 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3_fOEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWrM0SDA	Night Vision Goggles banner ad - Night Vision Goggles Camera. See in the Dark - Lite and Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuf_OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ1coSDA	KeyChord Lite Phone Banner - KeyChord Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvv_OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiL1coSDA	Skfanclub banner ad - Skfanclub
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyP_OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6_84SDA	Golf Pad stats banner - Golf Pad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2v_OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig3c8SDA	Banner - iPhone: Marble Rush FREE!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2__OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii3c8SDA	JT - Android - logo lockup - JackThreads for Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4P_OEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjN-sgSDA	Bottom - LDS Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0qbPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivv8cSDA	MDPI P3 (310x44) - Blic Android Single
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY06bPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5pMgSDA	Towni.es banner ad - Towni.es
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1KbPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjntrQQDA	Takeover Ad Unit - Grimey
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY16bPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitg8YSDA	Info Single P1 - Blic Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2KbPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU3scSDA	Sudokool banner ad - Sudokool
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5qbPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUr8cSDA	Fullscreen Ad - Space Break Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6qbPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMqckSDA	Banner - iPhone: Bounce FREE!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7abPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMzc8SDA	Memebase 320x50 - Memebase
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7qbPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdpMASDA	Banner Ad - The Addicted Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8KbPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi--dASDA	Mobile Web Tag banner ad - Mobile Web Tag
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-qbPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPpMgSDA	Caitlin's Test banner ad - Caitlin's Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqq7PEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivv8cSDA	LDPI P1 (230x32) - Blic Android Single
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi-XPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBoNESDA	Hebus HD Wallpapers & Fonds d'ecran banner ad - Hebus HD Wallpapers & Fonds d'ecran
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkuXPEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiywssSDA	Pirate Walk GRATIS banner ad - Pirate Walk GRATIS. - CUIDADO: Extremamente Viciante!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi4zQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipuc4SDA	fanatik banner ad - fanatik
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9pPQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiegskSDA	Fullscreen - iPhone: SameGame FREE!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4pvQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBia670QDA	Finger Drums Banner Ad iPhone - Finger Drums
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt6vQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi2g8YSDA	iPad - Valentines Memory Match!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwavQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi598kSDA	Pirate Walk HD Banner Ad - Pirate Walk HD - WORLD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwqvQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5p8cSDA	Fart!! banner ad - Fart!!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-brQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRs9ASDA	Zip Browser banner ad - Zip Browser
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYysrQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB4tASDA	Test banner - Mobile Advertising
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsdLQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiviKUSDA	AF - Android Freeware - Easy Tasks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6-nQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiKidESDA	TEST Banners banner ad - TEST Banners
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxPnQEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBionJQSDA	iOS_Memorize_More Games_Banner 3_320x50 - Memorize - Matching Cards
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiYnREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVr8cSDA	Fullscreen - iPhone: ALL-IN-1 Bubbles Gamebox
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjYnREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbu8gSDA	Bottom - Valenties Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxKDREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiuwssSDA	Replay banner ad - Replay
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx6DREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBionJQSDA	iOS_Memorize_More Games_Game of the Month_320x100 - Memorize - Matching Cards
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnNfREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit-NMSDA	android_320x50_fixed_item_wp - Zedge Ringtones & Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYndfREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMuNYSDA	Woord Radar banner ad - Woord Radar
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr9fREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifrdISDA	Asteroids Shift iPhone Interstitial - Asteroids Shift
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt9fREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBio7NISDA	pool online banner ad - pool online
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYudfREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifs90SDA	Circus iPhone Interstitial - Circus Atari iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu9fREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj5xmYM	Bottom FR - Swissradio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxNfREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTu90SDA	MD Calculator banner ad - MD Calculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx9fREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBje9t4SDA	MyApp banner ad - MyApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6ebREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvycYSDA	ROS Banner - OVGuide
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu_bREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjs2tUSDA	Pretty Pet Calendar 2012 banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Pretty Pet Calendar 2012
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzPbREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-29oSDA	Presidents Quizzer phone banner - Presidents Quizzer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1PbREgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE29oSDA	Hexon banner ad - Hexon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqP7REgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQ6tUSDA	Calendar 2012 banner ad - 320x50 Android - Calendar 2012
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiobSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ-tUSDA	http//www.sandichquicosas/app banner ad - http//www.sandichquicosas/app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkIbSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicyNYSDA	Fullscreen iPad - iOS Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnYbSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAgKYCDA	Android MRAID Interstitial - TestAndroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpYbSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVrNoSDA	Banner Ad - TeuxDeux
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp4bSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-29oSDA	Presidents Quizzer phone quiz finished interstitial - Presidents Quizzer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqIbSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiD5NISDA	Talking Pierre the Parrot - 320 x 50  - Talking Pierre the Parrot
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsobSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjx1tkSDA	Oz_CB 2012 Free_300X250 - Oz_com2us baseball 2012 Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtIbSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi27NcSDA	Los Angles News banner ad - Los Angles News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu4bSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBin99YSDA	Avatar Maker banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Avatar Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvIbSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXitYSDA	|ChaosCoding || Gamehacks by ChaosLeader banner ad - ChaosCoding || Gamehacks by ChaosLeader|
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv4bSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWltISDA	Tiki Golf 3D FREE banner ad - Tiki Golf 3D FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxobSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimltISDA	iPrayer banner ad (android) - iPrayer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9I3SEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpvNISDA	Boxtris banner ad - Boxtris lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9o3SEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdsMkSDA	MRAID Full Portrait Tablet - MRAID Test - Listeners
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhY7SEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6xrEDDA	Pocket Gems Banner Ad - HelloWorld
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm47SEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSrNoSDA	in-game low-res banner ad - Fragger in-game banner low-res GetJar
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpI7SEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVrNoSDA	Teux Deux banner ad - TeuxDeux
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpo7SEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQr9QSDA	Bible Quizzer phone banner - Bible Quizzer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp47SEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBilvdISDA	Crack the Code Free HD - Game Board Screen - Crack the Code Free HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3ZXSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC3NISDA	Rock Drums Banner banner ad - Rock Drums Banners
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4pXSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiEzdcSDA	Horoscope banner ad - Horoscope
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5ZXSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiL09USDA	RSS banner ad - RSS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6JXSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjVn3QM	Banner Phonenumber 1 - full mobile website
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY65XSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiO9NcSDA	Amit's Test banner ad - Amit's Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-5XSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU9NcSDA	170,000+ Recipes - BigOven (iPhone) banner ad - 170,000+ Recipes - BigOven (iPhone)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgJbSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiT3NISDA	Belote Andr Free banner ad - Belote Andr Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhJbSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj579sSDA	Phone - Yachty Deluxe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiJbSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBic_dQSDA	Main Activity Banner - Notification Agenda
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlJbSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfr9kSDA	sli banner ad - Slide to Unlock 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmpbSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSxbASDA	InApp Nav Ad - iOS Smartphone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYspbSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6itYSDA	pinger banner ad - pinger
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtZbSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXndoSDA	Daily App Dream - Full Screen - Daily App Dream - Get Paid Apps For Free!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt5bSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB_NISDA	TX1 Fullscreen Admobe - TX1 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxp3SEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5q4gSDA	Rock Drums Banner Ad - Rock Drums
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY153SEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiy0dMSDA	Flashlight  banner ad - Flashlight 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxaXSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE7dQSDA	FOXNews.com entertainment banner ad - FOXNews.com entertainment
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzKXSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq_MUPDA	TWICE Mag Ad - Baltimore Magazine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY16XSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj39YSDA	menu banner - Gravity Guy vertical v1.5.2+
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5KXSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSgNQSDA	a banner ad - A+
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY66XSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUtdISDA	Missile Command iPhone IAP Banner - Missile Command
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7KXSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUtdISDA	Missile Command iPad IAP Banner - Missile Command
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY76XSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPutgSDA	Asteroids Shift Phone Banner IAP - Asteroids Shift And
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9KXSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOmdYSDA	iPad - Photo Memory Match!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhqbSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjli9gSDA	Browser Page Banner - Wikipedia Places Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjqbSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVqdYSDA	STARTUP INTERSTITIAL - Tunewiki SMP Verizon Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlqbSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidgNQSDA	Secret Audio Notes banner ad - Secret Audio Notes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn6bSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQv9QSDA	ts1 banner ad - ts1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrKbSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi88tUSDA	jp7 - Postcard Creation! com.appall.PostcardCreation! banner ad - jp7 - Postcard Creation! com.appall.PostcardCreation!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsqbSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzsNYSDA	Kwarter banner ad - kwarter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwKbSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihytgSDA	Angry Birds banner ad - Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwabSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBilgNQSDA	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx6bSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpvbUSDA	Corporate Leaderboard (Tablet) - Appy Geek Android Corporate
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzabSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiEjNgSDA	Banner Ad 3 - Himanshu Agrawal
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY36bSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8vNoSDA	New Game Fullscreen - New Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4KbSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjvdISDA	MRAID Test - Expand URL Custom banner ad - MRAID Test - Expand URL Custom
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9abSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizz9QSDA	Minyanville.com banner ad header - Minyanville.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYka3SEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBippdISDA	WebTime banner ad - WebTime
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqK3SEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOxdISDA	forum for android banner ad - forum for android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqq3SEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjysNYSDA	Solitaire :) iPad - Solitaire :) iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrK3SEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiov9QSDA	Medieval Empires banner ad - Medieval Empires
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYra3SEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii4dMSDA	Paper Toss Android Tablet - GamePlay Interstitial - Paper Toss Android Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-rTSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjroqsQDA	More_Apps_Samsung_4(rect)_320x50 - Reverse It!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg7XSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit-NMSDA	android_320x50_fixed_item_rt - Zedge Ringtones & Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhbXSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvxNISDA	Oz_Tiny Farm_320X50 - Oz_Tiny Farm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh7XSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjVn3QM	Banner Weblinks 1 - full mobile website
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYibXSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE9tESDA	iPhone - Animal Dots!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYirXSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv-9ISDA	Journal.ie Beta River - iPad - TheJournal.ie Beta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlbXSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp39YSDA	Missile Command Tablet House Banner - Missile Command
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpLXSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi27NcSDA	Los Angles News interstitial - Los Angles News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqLXSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUxdISDA	XRadio banner ad - XRadio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr7XSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiO5dwSDA	Banner Ad Droid - Remi World
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4rzSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjyjdISDA	Dhingana banner ad - Hindi Songs + Bollywood Music Radios Dhingana Music (free)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY47zSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjroqsQDA	More_Apps_Samsung_3_320x50 - Reverse It!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6LzSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjx_tYSDA	APP banner ad - APP
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7LzSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm18kSDA	MRAID Full Landscape Tablet - MRAID Test - Custom Expand
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7bzSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimk8sSDA	MRAID Full Portrait Tablet - MRAID Test - Open Browser
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9bzSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib0qkQDA	Top Girl - Prestitial - Full Screen Interstitial TEST - Top Girl Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjb3SEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiepNUSDA	BoyAhoy 320x50 - BoyAhoy iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnb3SEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjgmtMSDA	Super TV banner ad - Super TV
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtL3SEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjA1NISDA	Banner Ad - Yachty
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvb3SEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjwjNUSDA	dude full screen ad - dude
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz73SEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4jNUSDA	oglasnik banner ad - oglasnik
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1b3SEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiEjNgSDA	Banner Ad 2 - Himanshu Agrawal
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2b3SEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjx498SDA	http://ax.itunes.apple.com/jp/app/applie-for-iphone/id377353532?mt=8 banner ad - http://ax.itunes.apple.com/jp/app/applie-for-iphone/id377353532?mt=8
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4L3SEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii4dMSDA	Paper Toss Android Tablet - StartUp Interstitial - Paper Toss Android Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8L3SEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4td8SDA	iNepali Music - iNepali Music
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8r3SEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiNzCAM	notepad - Cloud Print ads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYysTSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBl9QSDA	Dress to Impress HD banner ad - 728x90 iPad - Dress to Impress HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy8TSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSqtMSDA	ronenbekerman.com banner ad - ronenbekerman.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0cTSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwpdISDA	First, 100% - Food Fight
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2MTSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp-MsSDA	MRAID Full Landscape Tablet - MRAID Test - Full Close
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4sTSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7pdcSDA	New York Magazine 728x90 - New York Magazine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5cTSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3vNISDA	FasionBuyer banner ad - FasionBuyer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY58TSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5vNISDA	Healthful Hypnosis banner ad - Healthful Hypnosis
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY68TSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit-NMSDA	android_320x50_fixed_fav_notif - Zedge Ringtones & Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7MTSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit-NMSDA	android_320x50_fixed_fav_wp - Zedge Ringtones & Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-MTSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLmtMSDA	Phone Speaker Blower banner ad - Phone Speaker Blower
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-cTSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_5r8SDA	Banner Ad - Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm8XSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOmdYSDA	iPhone - Photo Memory Match!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYncXSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjql9QSDA	Space Quizzer phone banner - Space Quizzer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqMXSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	iPhone - Group 2 Ads - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqsXSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHwNYSDA	stuttgart kickers banner ad - Stuttgarter Kickers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYscXSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyvdISDA	lKorean No. (BannerAd) - Learn Korean Numbers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs8XSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3xdcSDA	Tablet - Fruit Blitz Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxsXSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirxpMSDA	iOS_Tic Tac Toe_300x250 - Tic Tac Toe Glow
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy8XSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKxdISDA	Main Activity Banner - Notification Agenda
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0MXSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiuhN0SDA	- Muneris Test App - banner ad - 728x90 Android - - Muneris Test App -
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2MXSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi67NcSDA	Circus Phone Interstitial - Circus Atari And
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3cXSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC19kSDA	SONG SCREEN BANNER - Lyric Legend 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4MXSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-vq0SDA	Banner Ad - A Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY78XSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjr-toSDA	recruitmopub banner ad - recruitmopub
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsszSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit-NMSDA	android_320x50_fixed_browse_notif - Zedge Ringtones & Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmtTSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH5r8SDA	MRAID Full Portrait Tablet - MRAID Test - Full Expand
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnNTSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJstgSDA	MixZing banner ad - MixZing
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqtTSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjsttQSDA	Top Trumps - SuperCars banner ad - Top Trumps - SuperCars
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq9TSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBioxdcSDA	Health Lottery banner ad - Health Lottery
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtNTSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixxdcSDA	Angry Birds banner ad - Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYttTSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiL5tQSDA	Test App Banner ad - Test app Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw9TSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5xdcSDA	A_CB 2012 Free_300X250 - A_Com2us Baseball 2012 Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY09TSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjN-tUSDA	TheChive banner ad - TheChive
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2tTSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMxdcSDA	Fullscreen - Android: Doodle Boat
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4dTSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicyNYSDA	iOS_Test_Game of the Month_300x250 - iOS Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkNzSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHmdYSDA	Fire crackers Fun adfull - Fire Crackers Fun
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-uPSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv-9ISDA	Journal.ie Beta Fullscreen - iPhone - TheJournal.ie Beta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY--PSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi59dQSDA	Olleh_MGP UP_300X250 - Olleh_Minigame Paradise UP
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYieTSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI5NISDA	Ringtone Garage banner ad - Ringtone Garage
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmeTSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBil19kSDA	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0uvSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjroqsQDA	More_Apps_Samsung_1_320x50 - Reverse It!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4evSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjroqsQDA	More_Apps_Samsung_5(rect_7zoll)_320x100 - Reverse It!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4-vSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjVn3QM	Banner Profiles 1 - full mobile website
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5OvSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjVn3QM	Banner IM 1 - full mobile website
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5evSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAqdYSDA	App Icons banner ad - App Icons
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgezSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjg9gSDA	Images Fullscreen Landscape - Images
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh-zSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjamtMSDA	Incentivized Ads - banner - Circus Atari SDS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiuzSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjql9QSDA	Space Quizzer phone startup interstitial - Space Quizzer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlOzSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjli9gSDA	Map Page Banner - Wikipedia Places Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmuzSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMw9USDA	Fullscreen - iPhone: Run Like Hell!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm-zSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUzdwSDA	Mopubadds banner ad - Mopubadds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoOzSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjcuNYSDA	Tstore_CB2012 Free_300X250  - Tstore_com2us baseball 2012 Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr-zSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjr-9ISDA	jp7 - My Photograph.com.appall.myphotograph COMICMAKER banner ad - jp7 - My Photograph.com.appall.myphotograph My
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsOzSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjs-9ISDA	jp7 - Key to applications com.appall.KeyToApplications! banner ad - jp7 - Key to applications com.appall.KeyToApplications!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu-zSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_jd8SDA	Trucking JOBS banner ad - Trucking JOBS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvuzSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfzdwSDA	angry birds banner ad - Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv-zSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOy7URDA	Macys Banner - TEST - Refinery29 Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwPPSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitnJQSDA	Banner Ad - bigsby!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyvPSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJ89ISDA	Android Game Banner - Android Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0vPSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFptcSDA	Operation transformation banner ad - Operation transformation
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1PPSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz69ISDA	Operation Transformation iphone banner ad - Operation Transformation iphone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2PPSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJptcSDA	Transit banner - Pantalla principal - Transit
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpfvSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7pdcSDA	New York Magazine 320x50 - New York Magazine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpvvSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW2dgSDA	Quiz Serie TV banner ad - Quiz Serie TV
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqfvSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRs9ASDA	iPhone. Inside Archive - Zip Browser
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7fvSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhkdYSDA	Daily Dealer banner ad - Daily Dealer - Local Deals & Coupons
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8vvSEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhld8SDA	Nostalgio 320x50 - Nostalgio 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjIPTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbidYSDA	boxtris banner ad - Boxtris
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlIPTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKyo8SDA	iOS Video Ad - Heywire for iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4pLTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit-NMSDA	android_320x50_fixed_dl_wp - Zedge Ringtones & Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5ZLTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE9tESDA	iPad - Animal Dots!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9pLTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5jdoSDA	Interstitial - BetYet?
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-pLTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC1dcSDA	Activity List Banner Ad - Foreplay
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-5LTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	iPad - Group 2 Ads - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_pLTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj579sSDA	Tablet - Yachty Deluxe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjJPTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi67NcSDA	Circus Tablet Interstitial  - Circus Atari And
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjZPTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiO5dwSDA	Remi World banner ad - Remi World
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlZPTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUk9MSDA	Poop banner ad - Poop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmpPTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqs90SDA	Myominoo banner ad - Myominoo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm5PTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBilgNQSDA	Banner Ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw5rTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEndISDA	Pet Cafe HD banner ad - 728x90 iPad - Pet Cafe HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1ZrTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVvdISDA	Fireworks Arcade Banner - Fireworks Arcade
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6ZrTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVr9QSDA	Scrabble Tool banner ad - Scrabble Tool
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7prTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXr9QSDA	ocularis banner ad - Ocularis  The Eye Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8JrTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEvdISDA	Socialbuzz banner ad - SocialBuzz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqaLTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBippdISDA	Banner Ad - WebTime
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoarTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit-NMSDA	android_320x50_fixed_browse_wp - Zedge Ringtones & Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtqrTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-29oSDA	Presidents Quizzer tablet quiz finished interstitial - Presidents Quizzer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt6rTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQr9QSDA	Bible Quizzer phone quiz finished interstitial - Bible Quizzer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu6rTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	iPhone - Group 1 Ads - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx6rTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirxpMSDA	iOS_Tic Tac Toe_Game of the Month_300x250 - Tic Tac Toe Glow
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyarTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiiwdsSDA	Football Headers iPad banner ad - Soccer Headers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy6rTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijwdsSDA	LipStickPlus banner ad - LipStickPlus
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz6rTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinwdsSDA	BANNER - Lyric Legend 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2arTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiiitYSDA	iPhone-FlipClock banner - ClockSM
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3arTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj60q4SDA	Provider Leaderboard (Tablet) - Appy Geek Android Providers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY56rTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBititYSDA	320x50xWebApp_KOSMO banner ad - webappKOSMO
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-6rTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAwtMSDA	Top Strip - larger - aabbcc
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_KrTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihg-ASDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_7HTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUp9QSDA	Rock Drums iPad Fullscreen - Rock Drums iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi7LTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixjdoSDA	kites banner ad - kites
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjrLTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifrdISDA	Asteroids Shift iPad Banner IAP - Asteroids Shift
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6bnTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUvscSDA	MRAID Full Portrait Tablet - MRAID Test - Custom Close
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9bnTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjvtQSDA	Add Network test banner ad - Add Network test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz8HTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqjdoSDA	BoyAhoy 320x50 - BoyAhoy Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1cHTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4rKYSDA	Android_Memorize_728x90 - Memorize
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6sHTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBif6NsSDA	Sounds banner ad - Sounds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8cHTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3mNkSDA	Trucking JOBS banner ad - Trucking JOBS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8sHTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU8NsSDA	Light Racer 3D Basic banner ad - Light Racer 3D Basic
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs8nTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8sdMSDA	Fast Car Zone AdMob Group - Fast Car Zone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtsnTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit-NMSDA	android_320x50_fixed_dl_rt - Zedge Ringtones & Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt8nTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRs9ASDA	File View. iPad - Zip Browser
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuMnTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv-9ISDA	Journal.ie Beta Detail - iPhone - TheJournal.ie Beta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYodHTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRs9ASDA	Inside Archive. iPad - Zip Browser
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo9HTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJndISDA	Boyfriend Maker banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Boyfriend Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq9HTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTmtMSDA	Zixxby Lite banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Zixxby Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrdHTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjamtMSDA	Circus Atari SDS banner ad - Circus Atari SDS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYudHTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiT6NsSDA	iPhone -  Home Screen 300x250 - Urban Gossip FREE Webpages
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgtnTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3pdISDA	cdpt.com banner ad - cdpt.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhtnTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicyNYSDA	320x50 - iOS Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9ODTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz4NMSDA	Tunewiki Verizon Banner - Tunewiki SMP Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-ODTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiExdISDA	Technobuz banner ad - Technobuz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoeHTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjc59YSDA	http://pavel.movchan.u2.com.ua banner ad - http://pavel.movchan.u2.com.ua
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo-HTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBje59YSDA	Ninjump Android Tablet - Menu Banner Ad - Ninjump Android Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqOHTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyv9QSDA	Wallpapers HD banner ad - Wallpapers HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrvjTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit-NMSDA	android_320x50_fixed_home - Zedge Ringtones & Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwPjTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_pdISDA	Alien Fun banner ad - Alien Fun
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx_jTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjX9tESDA	Pauls Fans banner ad - Pauls Fans
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyvjTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpgYILDA	Banner Ad - Angry
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzfjTEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjuodsSDA	MoPub Test Android app banner ad - MoPub Test Android app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl4DUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQr9QSDA	Bible Quizzer tablet leaderboard - Bible Quizzer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnIDUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjL-NMSDA	myapp banner ad - myapp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqIDUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEptISDA	Asteroids Gunner Plus banner ad - Asteroids Gunner Plus
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqoDUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiaht8SDA	Quiz Cinema banner ad - Quiz Cinema
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsoDUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUg-ASDA	Custom - Dress up Valentine's Day
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtYDUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0gNQSDA	iPhone - Christmas Memory Match!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtoDUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjf698SDA	iPad-FlipClock banner - ClockSM
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_4fUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC1dcSDA	Banner game over - Foreplay
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2Y_UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxh9QSDA	Dress To Impress banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Dress to Impress
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2o_UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjyh9QSDA	Cuanto Cabron Viewer banner ad - Cuanto Cabron Viewer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3I_UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBxtQSDA	Replay banner ad - Replay
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy5fUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjVn3QM	Banner Video 1 - full mobile website
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY05fUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBil19ESDA	iAds test banner ad - iAds test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1JfUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYm9gSDA	Remi World Banner Ad - Remi World
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5JfUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjXuNYSDA	Fire crackers Fun fullscreen - Fire Crackers Fun Fullscreen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5pfUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiaurESDA	Banner Ad - Celebuzz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-JfUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiy19ESDA	Live Wallpapers banner ad - Live Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_5fUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiL_9YSDA	Full Screen - sdktest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjJjUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBid4NYSDA	Fora 728x90 - Fora
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnJjUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibmNQSDA	Dreamtopia 320x50 - Dreamtopia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoZjUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbxN8SDA	Stick Cricket Dev - post-match banner - Stick Cricket Android Dev
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqZ_UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyydMSDA	Pet Cafe banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Pet Cafe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuZ_UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6xrEDDA	300x250 - HelloWorld
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw5_UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipmNkSDA	QATestThree banner ad - QATestThree
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxZ_UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirmNkSDA	i_CB 2012 Free_300X250 - i_Com2us Baseball 2012 Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkqfUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii9dQSDA	Derby Quest banner ad - Derby Quest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnqfUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj39YSDA	vertical banner - Gravity Guy vertical v1.5.2+
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_K7UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBie0dMSDA	Show Case banner ad - Show Case
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_67UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi988USDA	Gallery Portrait Small - GumiyoNewsTest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhq_UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBin0dMSDA	Pattern Infection banner ad - Pattern Infection
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjq_UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp39YSDA	Missile Command Phone Interstitial - Missile Command
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk6_UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiL_9YSDA	sdktest banner ad - sdktest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm6_UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBje9dQSDA	interstitial Ad - Fragger vertical banner
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnq_UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU_9YSDA	Coloring Pages for kids banner ad - Coloring Pages for kids
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqa_UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXs9gSDA	Banner Ad custom 320x100 - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyb7UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjiudMSDA	nucfootball banner ad - nucfootball
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1L7UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikztQSDA	Split It Easy main banner - Split It Easy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1r7UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7pdcSDA	New York Magazine 300x250 - New York Magazine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2r7UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjK6tUSDA	Olleh_Tiny Farm_320X50 - Olleh_Tiny Farm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY277UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjK6tUSDA	Olleh_Tiny Farm_728X90 - Olleh_Tiny Farm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY677UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-ztQSDA	Car Racer banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Car Racer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7b7UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibrdISDA	Defense Craft banner ad - Defense Craft
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8L7UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicrdISDA	Basketball Pro - Basketball
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY877UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifrdISDA	Asteroids Shift iPhone Banner House - Asteroids Shift
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9L7UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWtdcSDA	Mobile Web Book Fullscreen - Mobile Web Book
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-b7UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQr9QSDA	Bible Quizzer tablet startup interstitial - Bible Quizzer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_77UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj179sSDA	Birds. banner ad - Birds.
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgb_UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiKp60SDA	STARTUP INTERSTITIAL - Tunewiki SMP iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjL_UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7vdISDA	Secret Contacts banner ad - Secret Contacts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl7_UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjivNsRDA	Android_Tic Tac Toe_300x250 - Tic Tac Toe Glow
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpL_UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj5xmYM	Bottom Others - Swissradio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp7_UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_jd8SDA	Banner Ad - Trucking JOBS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtr_UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjeyeQBDA	Para Drop Fullscreen Interstitial - Paper Glider Para Drop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt7_UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4sNYSDA	e3D: Labyrinth banner ad - Escape 3D: Labyrinth
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs8bUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjU69ISDA	Fat Fish Games: Headers [IPAD] banner ad - Fat Fish Games: Headers [IPAD]
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYucbUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit-NMSDA	android_320x50_fixed_browse_rt - Zedge Ringtones & Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYusbUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit-NMSDA	android_320x50_fixed_search_rt - Zedge Ringtones & Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw8bUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjo69ISDA	Zedge - 320 x 50 - Zedge
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY18bUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAndoSDA	Ultimaze (Amazon) banner ad - 320x50 Android - Ultimaze (Amazon)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2cbUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjTvS4M	SONG INTERSTITIAL - LYRIC LEGEND 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY28bUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3vtQSDA	anatronica banner ad - anatronica
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4MbUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFptcSDA	inMobi - Operation transformation
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4sbUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxl9QSDA	Coffee Cafe banner ad - Coffee Cafe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmc7UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBispdISDA	nucfootball banner ad - nucfootball
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoM7UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp-MsSDA	MRAID Full Portrait Tablet - MRAID Test - Full Close
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYos7UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3xtQSDA	com.appall.apps.utility.appgroupie-App Groupie- banner ad - com.appall.apps.utility.appgroupie-App Groupie-
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq87UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit-NMSDA	android_320x50_fixed_fav_rt - Zedge Ringtones & Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsM7UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicyNYSDA	Fullscreen iPhone - iOS Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt87UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi2ztQSDA	Pretty Pet Salon Chinese New Year banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Pretty Pet Salon Asian New Year
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv87UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjYpdISDA	MyHair banner ad - MyHair
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw87UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigp9QSDA	GasAll banner ad - GasAll
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1M7UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTztQSDA	Fish Balls banner ad - Fish Balls
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY487UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW9dQSDA	Fullscreen - iPhone: Run Like Hell! YETI EDITION
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-c7UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi67NcSDA	Circus Tablet Banner House - Circus Atari And
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkc_UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjV59YSDA	A2SDGUI banner ad - A2SDGUI
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYks_UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZ-d0SDA	MRAID 320x50 - MRAID Test - Expand URL Full
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnc_UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUndoSDA	iPrayer banner ad - iPrayer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn8_UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQptISDA	Mobile Sudoku banner ad - Mobile Sudoku
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoc_UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBie8NsSDA	Manga Quotes Flipmag banner ad - Manga Quotes Flipmag
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrM_UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi16NsSDA	Dreamtopia 300x250 - Dreamtopia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhdbUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzhNUSDA	Pretty Pet Calendar 2012 HD banner ad - 728x90 iPad - Pretty Pet Calendar 2012 HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjNbUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjVn3QM	Banner Email 1 - full mobile website
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6d3UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib0qkQDA	Top Girl - Prestitial - Full Screen Interstitial - Top Girl Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7t3UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk5dQSDA	Tstore_Tiny Farm_320X50 - Tstore_Tiny Farm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9t3UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd39YSDA	JP7 - TimeBomb com.appall.timebomb banner ad - JP7 - TimeBomb com.appall.timebomb
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1uXUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjR39YSDA	banner ad - Monkey Kick Off
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6OXUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjVn3QM	Banner News 1 - full mobile website
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8OXUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHytgSDA	kakoon Social Buzz banner ad - iPhone - Kakoon - Social Buzz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_uXUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTgNQSDA	HyperColor banner ad - HyperColor
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk-bUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjO-9ISDA	iphone 5 banner ad - iStartup - Tips, Tricks and Secrets for iPhone, iPhone 4s, iPad, iPod touch, iOS 5, Siri and Mac OS X Lion
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoebUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii8dgSDA	keepy Uppy iPad banner ad - Keepy Uppy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo-bUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOptwSDA	Remi World banner ad - Remi World
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrObUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4utgSDA	Myominoo banner ad - Myominoo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsebUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBin8dgSDA	Company Driver banner ad - Company Driver
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsubUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRvdISDA	Main Activity Banner - Notification Agenda
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxObUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZs9gSDA	Bubble Breaker Free banner ad - Bubble Breaker Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYve3UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm18kSDA	MRAID Full Portrait Tablet - MRAID Test - Custom Expand
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzO3UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPgNQSDA	JP7 - Calendar & schedule.com.appall.Calendarandschedulel& banner ad - JP7 - Calendar & schedule.com.appall.Calendarandschedulel&
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz-3UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWpdISDA	Oper Trans 2012 banner ad - Oper Trans 2012
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2e3UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj95dQSDA	Ultimaze banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - UltiMaze
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3u3UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizkNkSDA	Crack the Code Free - Game Board Screen - Crack the Code Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4u3UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC1dcSDA	Main banner ad - Foreplay
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5-3UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjroqsQDA	Android_Reverse it!_728x90 - Reverse It!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpvXUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVxNISDA	iPad - Animal Sticker Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuvXUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik45EBDA	300x250 test - Game1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwvXUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEztQSDA	Salina Post banner ad - Salina Post
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0fXUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_gdYSDA	PicTells Adunit 1 - PicTells
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5PXUEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBih2t0SDA	tic tac toe online banner ad - tic tac toe online
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlv3UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp39YSDA	Missile Command Phone IAP Banner - Missile Command
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm_3UEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHltISDA	v1.2 SpaceBreak! Lite phone banner ad - v1.2 SpaceBreak! Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9ITVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi2mdYSDA	Girl Next Door banner ad - Girl Next Door
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_4TVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLr9kSDA	Oz_MGP UP_300X250 - Oz_Minigame Paradise UP
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiYXVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjK08ASDA	WSI issue picker banner - Wall Street Italia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkIXVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	iPad - Group 1 Ads - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnYXVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiHltISDA	ipad Medium Ad - v1.2 SpaceBreak! Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnoXVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWv9QSDA	728 x 90 banner - Space Break! Lite v1.2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn4XVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizq90SDA	chess online banner ad - chess online
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrYXVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFptcSDA	AdMob - Operation transformation
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuoXVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX19kSDA	Ninjump Android Tablet - Startup Interstitial  - Ninjump Android Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7IzVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	iPhone - Group 3 Ads - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_IzVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjavdISDA	BLC Flipmag banner ad - BLC Flipmag
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_YzVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJvNoSDA	Kakoon - Social Buzz banner ad - Android - Kakoon - Social Buzz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2ZTVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-29oSDA	Presidents Quizzer tablet startup interstitial - Presidents Quizzer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY25TVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtjNUSDA	Main Banner - Faces
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3ZTVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitvNoSDA	Froots banner ad - Froots
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt5zVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC1dcSDA	Game Over Ad - Foreplay
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvJzVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW4OIQDA	Banner Ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvZzVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxjNUSDA	free photo chat banner ad - free photo chat
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxJzVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRvdISDA	Main Activity Banner - Notification Agenda
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-avVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjroqsQDA	More_Apps_Samsung_2_320x50 - Reverse It!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4bPVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjroqsQDA	More_Apps_Samsung_4(rect)_300x250 - Reverse It!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9LPVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi50cYSDA	Banner Ad - TV Program - iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9bPVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC1dcSDA	Banner Ad - Foreplay
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYssPVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYzJoRDA	Wikinvest Portfolio 728x90 - Wikinvest Portfolio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt8PVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJl9QSDA	Calculus Tools banner ad 1 - Calculus Tools
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwsPVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbl9QSDA	Zixxby Lite banner ad - 320x50 android - Zixxby Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxcPVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjgl9QSDA	Hello Kitty Beauty Salon (SD) banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Hello Kitty Beauty Salon! (SD)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqcvVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijgaEQDA	vertical banner - Gravity Guy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr8vVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiW24MNDA	Pocket Gems Test - Mobile Web App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuMvVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWuNYSDA	Ultimaze banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Ultimaze
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxMvVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB_9sSDA	SexyJapaneseV2 - com.hot.japanese.v2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx8vVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3xdcSDA	Phone - Fruit Blitz Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz8vVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjeuNYSDA	Quick Typer banner ad - Quick Typer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1MvVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ6NsSDA	iPad - Christmas Sticker Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhNPVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKstgSDA	Seattle Times Mobile 728x90 - Seattle Times Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYidPVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit-NMSDA	android_320x50_fixed_home_dl - Zedge Ringtones & Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYitPVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjuxNISDA	SubTub banner ad - SubTub
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjNPVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiO_dQSDA	Test App banner ad - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7drVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUp9QSDA	Rock Drums iPad banner ad - Rock Drums iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9NrVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit-NMSDA	android_interstitial_home - Zedge Ringtones & Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_trVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUtdISDA	Missile Command iPhone House Banner - Missile Command
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi9vVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC1dcSDA	Medium GameOver - Foreplay
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjtvVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAk9MSDA	QATest banner ad - QATest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYltvVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRk9MSDA	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmNvVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJrbASDA	CustomNative - Android Smartphone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnNvVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik4NYSDA	nextvid best YouTube player banner ad - nextvid best YouTube player
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYntvVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibrd8SDA	8tracks banner ad - 8tracks Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0uLVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUvscSDA	MRAID Full Landscape Tablet - MRAID Test - Custom Close
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1uLVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit-NMSDA	android_320x50_fixed_dl_notif - Zedge Ringtones & Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu-rVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipltcSDA	Urban Gossip Free banner ad - Urban Gossip FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwOrVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMstgSDA	labnol banner ad - labnol
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyOrVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4xtQSDA	panne banner ad - panne
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy-rVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBim8tUSDA	App banner ad - App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYofLVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi56tUSDA	Dress To Impress Korean banner ad - 320x50 iPhone -    (Dress To Impress (Korean))
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsfLVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjkxtQSDA	MultiNoise banner ad - MultiNoise
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw_LVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXndoSDA	Daily App Dream banner ad - Daily App Dream - Get Paid Apps For Free!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx_LVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibmNQSDA	Dreamtopia 300x250 - Dreamtopia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzvLVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjN8tUSDA	courserail banner ad - CourseRail Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmfrVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiY-tUSDA	Chalkboard Football Interstitial - Chalkboard Football
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnvrVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXhtISDA	Millennial test app banner ad - Millennial test app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpPrVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiExNoSDA	in-game banner ad - iStunt 2 in-game banner
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqPrVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ99YSDA	Second App banner ad - Second App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqvrVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQr9QSDA	Bible Quizzer tablet quiz finished interstitial - Bible Quizzer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs_rVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiShdUSDA	Snake banner 300x250 - Snake
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt_rVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitvNoSDA	Banner Ad - Froots
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuvrVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirxpMSDA	iOS_Tic Tac Toe_Game of the Month_320x100 - Tic Tac Toe Glow
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv_rVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiOxNoSDA	Flashlight 4: LED Light for iPhone 4S banner ad - Flashlight 4: LED Light for iPhone 4S
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwvrVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSxNoSDA	Jo Jo's Fashion Show 3 banner ad - Jo Jo's Fashion Show 3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2_rVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjD46UJDA	Banner Ad - Individual Song Page - Songify
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5frVEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiNzCAM	printer managment - Cloud Print ads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-oHWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiihtISDA	Monstermove Iphone banner ad - MonsterMove Iphone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiYLWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDhtISDA	tagbox banner ad - TagBox Lite - Folder + Dropbox
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4onWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiGzdcSDA	MoPubTestApp banner ad - MoPubTestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5YnWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvvMUSDA	320x50 - Footy Live Scores
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-onWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjX09oSDA	Video Downloader banner ad - Video Downloader
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-4nWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQr9QSDA	Bible Quizzer phone startup interstitial - Bible Quizzer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_4nWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5jdoSDA	BottomLeaderboard - BetYet?
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiIrWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj2stgSDA	JP7 - Joke face maker com.appall.jokefacemaker~~ banner ad - JP7 - Joke face maker com.appall.jokefacemaker~~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi4rWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjA1NISDA	Phone - Yachty
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYporWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBilitYSDA	FlashDroids banner ad - FlashDroids
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrIrWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjlqtMSDA	blackberry banner ad - blackberry
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtIrWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXs9gSDA	Test App banner ad 300x250 - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxJHWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjVn3QM	Banner Image 1 - full mobile website
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2JHWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJrbASDA	Android Shortcut Ad - Android Smartphone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6ZHWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiT6NsSDA	Android -  Home Screen 300x250 - Urban Gossip FREE Webpages
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7ZHWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1-9ISDA	Leaderboard Ad - Interest Rate
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8JHWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX19kSDA	Ninjump Android Tablet - GamePlay Interstitial  - Ninjump Android Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqZnWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbldISDA	fdgfdfdfd banner ad - fdgfdfdfd
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsJnWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjy-9cSDA	BlackBerryGratuito banner ad - BlackBerryGratuito
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs5nWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0-9cSDA	Sharey Pie banner ad - Sharey Pie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuJnWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit-NMSDA	android_320x50_fixed_search_wp - Zedge Ringtones & Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYupnWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ3NISDA	Tstore_MGP UP_300X250 - Tstore_Minigame Paradise UP
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu5nWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtldISDA	Meter Reading Assistant banner ad - Meter Reading Assistant
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxZnWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj19dkSDA	menu banner - Gravity Guy menu v1.5.2+
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzZnWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifrdISDA	Asteroids Shift iPhone Banner IAP - Asteroids Shift
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY15nWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirxpMSDA	iOS_Tic Tac Toe_More Games 1_320x50 - Tic Tac Toe Glow
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2pnWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiE_NcSDA	checkers online banner ad - checkers online
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6JnWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiL394SDA	FallDown! banner ad - FallDown!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_ZnWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjf3-IQDA	Android_3D Mahjong_320x480 - 3D Mahjong Mountain
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl6HWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit-NMSDA	android_320x50_fixed_home_fav - Zedge Ringtones & Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmaHWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiry9USDA	Pugpig Reader banner ad - Pugpig Reader
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-qjWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdsMkSDA	MRAID Full Landscape Tablet - MRAID Test - Listeners
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjKnWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLqdYSDA	iStunt 2 menu banner ad - iStunt 2 menu banner
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlqnWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPoNkSDA	Picture Password banner ad - Picture Password
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoKnWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixh9wSDA	The Invasion banner ad - The Invasion
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoanWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiy7NISDA	Forest Defense banner ad - 320x50 Android - Forest Defense
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqKnWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4h9wSDA	New Game banner ad - New Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqqnWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5h9wSDA	GetJokes banner ad - GetJokes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrKnWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9m9gSDA	iPhone - Christmas Dots!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYranWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTmNQSDA	Golf Putt Pro 3D banner ad - Golf Putt Pro 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtanWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiNzCAM	Google calendar - Cloud Print ads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6bDWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjimf4KDA	fullscreen #2 - Angry Birds Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6rDWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPutgSDA	Asteroids Shift Phone Interstitial - Asteroids Shift And
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9rDWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit3dwSDA	Banner Ad - Learn The Alphabet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY97DWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiviKUSDA	HG - Handango (Appia) - Easy Tasks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0rjWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjAw9USDA	Flurv Dev 320x50 - Flurv Dev iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2bjWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjql9QSDA	Space Quizzer tablet startup interstitial - Space Quizzer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2rjWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrl9QSDA	iPod Touch Millennial Testing - ChaCha
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6LjWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMu90SDA	BM Flipmag banner ad - BM Flipmag
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8LjWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvuNYSDA	Family Pack - Menus banner ad - Family Pack - Menus
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYscDWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5q4gSDA	Rock Drums iPhone Full Screen - Rock Drums
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYusjWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinwdsSDA	SONG SCREEN BANNER - Lyric Legend 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh9DWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib0qkQDA	Top Girl - Work No Refill - Full Screen Interstitial TEST - Top Girl Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYktDWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjnp9kSDA	PCMobileDeals banner ad - PCMobileDeals
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY09_WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBim-NMSDA	sport mini banner ad - sport mini
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5d_WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi2-NMSDA	Salina Post banner ad - Salina Post 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6t_WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPutgSDA	Asteroids Shift Tablet Banner House - Asteroids Shift And
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY69_WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI5tQSDA	Fii Creator (Cydia) banner ad - 320x50 iPhone Cydia - Fii Creator (Cydia)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9N_WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiG29USDA	App Lens banner - App Lens
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-9_WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjF29oSDA	JP7 - Pocket money management com.appall.PocketMoneyManagement banner ad - JP7 - Pocket money management com.appall.PocketMoneyManagement
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_d_WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiN29USDA	addapp banner ad - addapp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnODWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRvdISDA	Main Activity Banner 2 - Notification Agenda
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq-DWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9qN4SDA	Paper Toss Android Phone - Menu Banner Ad - Paper Toss Android Phone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsODWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiGotsSDA	testapp banner ad - testapp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv-fWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiw9dQSDA	Drink Up banner ad - Drink Up
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxefWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG9dQSDA	RssDemon - RssDemon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz-fWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWv9QSDA	320x50 BANNER AD - Space Break! Lite v1.2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4-fWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6mdYSDA	Centipede banner ad - Centipede
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs-_WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUwdMSDA	in-game banner ad - Fragger in-game banner hi-res
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtu_WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUtdISDA	Missile Command iPad House Banner - Missile Command
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt-_WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifrdISDA	Asteroids Shift iPad Banner House - Asteroids Shift
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYue_WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA8I0SDA	Banner Ad - Test app iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo_fWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipltcSDA	UG Square Block 300 x 250 - Urban Gossip FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqPfWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFptcSDA	Millenial Media HTML5 - Operation transformation
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrPfWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBja-tUSDA	Sleeping story banner ad - Sleeping story
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsPfWEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBid394SDA	iPad - Ocean Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8v7WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVxNISDA	iPhone - Animal Sticker Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8_7WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWxNISDA	Boxing Score Card banner ad - Boxing Score Card
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-P7WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjoxNISDA	Steam Rush HD banner ad - Steam Rush HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_P7WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiGvdISDA	Message Plus+ banner ad - Message Plus+
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhP_WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifvdISDA	MazePlus top banner ad - MazePlus
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj__WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiY6NsSDA	bocce online banner ad - bocce online
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl__WEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNnd8SDA	Trooper typing 3.1 banner ad - Trooper typing 3.1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqpbXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRs9ASDA	File View. iPhone - Zip Browser
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrpbXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUtdISDA	Missile Command iPad Interstitial - Missile Command
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-qXXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimk8sSDA	MRAID Full Landscape Tablet - MRAID Test - Open Browser
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjKbXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE_9sSDA	Evresh test app banner ad - Evresh test app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk6bXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjT_9sSDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmabXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjc_9sSDA	Flashlight "View Torch" banner ad - Flashlight "View Torch"
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnKbXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK_NcSDA	Banner Ad - Stickly Jump
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnabXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5zN8SDA	educational flashcard matching banner ad - Educational Flashcard Matching
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5K3XEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixk9gSDA	Chicken Rain banner ad - Chicken Rain X'mas
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9a3XEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiR7NISDA	Tech Awakening banner ad - Tech Awakening
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-q3XEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjcwdMSDA	Pimple Popper Seasons Interstitial Ad - Pimple Popper Seasons
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_a3XEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBja-9ISDA	sudoku online banner ad - sudoku online
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYga7XEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiT6NsSDA	Android -  Banner Ad 320x50 - Urban Gossip FREE Webpages
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg67XEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi87NISDA	Bengali Songs banner ad - Durga Maa Songs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh67XEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjA7NISDA	Penalty Kick Android banner ad - Penalty Kick - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0LXXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjA4dgSDA	Calculus Tools banner ad - Calculus Tools
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt73XEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjg5dQSDA	iPad - Animal Memory Match!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwL3XEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjg9gSDA	Images Fullscreen Portrait - Images
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxr3XEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRutgSDA	Android MoPub test banner ad - Android MoPub test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyb3XEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTutgSDA	BANG banner ad - BANG
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1b3XEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWs9gSDA	Jumper banner ad - Jumper
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqcXXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjT1tkSDA	JP7 - Alarm of Alice~Catch a rabbit~ com.appall.AlarmOfAlice~~ banner ad - JP7 - Alarm of Alice~Catch a rabbit~ com.appall.AlarmOfAlice~~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrMXXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjA3tkSDA	meeticket banner ad - MeeTicket
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtMXXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjA1NISDA	Yachty Deluxe banner ad - Yachty
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv8XXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjM1NISDA	Birds The Word banner ad - Bird's the Word
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwMXXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjN1NISDA	SONG INTERSTITIAL - Lyric Legend
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyMXXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjL9t4SDA	Path banner ad - Path
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY18XXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix_t4SDA	cuckoofly banner ad - cuckoofly
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjs3XEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQ9NcSDA	Standard banner - Monster Defense
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlc3XEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-29oSDA	Presidents Quizzer phone startup interstitial - Presidents Quizzer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpc3XEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK_NcSDA	Banner Ad - Stickly Jump
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYps3XEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhld8SDA	Nostalgio 728x90 - Nostalgio 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY69TXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH5r8SDA	MRAID Full Landscape Tablet - MRAID Test - Full Expand
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiNXXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5yNYSDA	SpaceBlast banner ad - SpaceBlast
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjNXXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7rtwSDA	Kwarter banner ad - kwarter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYktXXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiviKUSDA	XD - XDA Forum - Easy Tasks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0eTXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirxdcSDA	My iOS App banner ad - My iOS App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3OTXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBju1tkSDA	Icon Skins Lite banner ad - Icon Skins Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3-TXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6xdcSDA	sponge slider banner ad - sponge slider
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5eTXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK19kSDA	A New App banner ad - A New App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo-zXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWl8cSDA	Test - ExpenseTracker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqOzXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBin6dgSDA	Flurv 320x50 - Flurv iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYruzXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp39YSDA	Missile Command Tablet IAP Banner - Missile Command
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr-zXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPutgSDA	Asteroids Shift Tablet Interstitial - Asteroids Shift And
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw-zXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4ltISDA	Banner iPad Ad - Bubble Wrap FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmPTXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8idYSDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmvTXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAitYSDA	mopub_banner - SexyJapaneseV2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnvTXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirwtgSDA	FuckYeah banner ad - FuckYeah
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoPTXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiGitYSDA	Word ook lid van het forum - Pauls Fans
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrfTXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9m9gSDA	iPad - Christmas Dots!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9_vXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz4NMSDA	INTERIOR BANNER - Tunewiki SMP Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-PvXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiGxdISDA	Skout Dev 320x50 - Skout Dev iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjPzXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjb59YSDA	Fullscreen - iPhone: Draw Slasher: Origins
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjfzXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTmNQSDA	Golf Putt Pro 3D Tablet Banner Ad - Golf Putt Pro 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjvzXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii4dMSDA	Paper Toss Android Tablet - Menu Banner Ad - Paper Toss Android Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmfzXEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiNzCAM	sms - Cloud Print ads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5YPYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-29oSDA	Presidents Quizzer tablet leaderboard - Presidents Quizzer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7oPYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjiutgSDA	JP2 - OrganizeApps soft.kinoko.organizeapps banner ad - JP2 - OrganizeApps soft.kinoko.organizeapps
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyIvYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvxNISDA	Oz_Tiny Farm_728X90 - Oz_Tiny Farm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyovYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRs9ASDA	Zip Browser banner ad. iPad - Zip Browser
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzYvYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjy5dQSDA	chipmunks live wallpaper banner ad - chipmunks live wallpaper
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2YvYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzrdcSDA	Backgammon Free - 320x50 - Backgammon Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2ovYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUtdISDA	Missile Command iPhone Interstitial - Missile Command
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg4zYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCjNgSDA	com.praxical.myappchannel banner ad - com.praxical.myappchannel
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhYzYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBij1N8SDA	Meus Creditos banner ad - Meus Creditos
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkozYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRjNgSDA	Family Pack - Ingame banner ad - Family Pack - Ingame
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrZPYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjF89ISDA	FOXNews.com banner ad - FOXNews.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsJPYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjcg9gSDA	SubTub iPad Full Screen (Landscape) - SubTub iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu5PYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjgi9gSDA	El Transit - pagina principal - El Transit
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq5vYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtjNUSDA	Position Banner - Faces
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrJvYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmxtQSDA	QuickContacts banner ad - QuickContacts
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtZvYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSxdISDA	Football Headers iPhone banner ad - Soccer Headers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyJvYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-ksYSDA	Info Home Takeover - Blic Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy7LYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKstgSDA	Seattle Times Mobile 1024x90 - Seattle Times Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0bLYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi988USDA	Gallery Portrait - GumiyoNewsTest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1LLYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSg9MSDA	Converter banner ad - Converter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY17LYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdg9gSDA	blublu banner ad - blublu
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY27LYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv-9ISDA	Journal.ie Beta Detail - iPad - TheJournal.ie Beta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6rLYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjql9QSDA	Space Quizzer tablet leaderboard - Space Quizzer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9bLYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz4NMSDA	STARTUP INTERSTITIAL - Tunewiki SMP Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY97LYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJitYSDA	Angry Birds 10 banner ad - Angry Birds 10
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi7PYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSk9MSDA	m.tui.com banner ad - m.tui.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYubrYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjcg9gSDA	SubTub iPhone Full Screen (Landscape) - SubTub iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwbrYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_vdcSDA	BoyAhoy Dev 320x50 - BoyAhoy Dev Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwrrYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihnJQSDA	Android Video Ad - HeyWire Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxLrYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiY-tUSDA	Main Menu Banner Ad - Chalkboard Football
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzrrYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWtdcSDA	Mobile Web Book Banner - Mobile Web Book
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5rrYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjV-9ISDA	keyja free games banner ad - keyja free games
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7LrYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirlr0SDA	MMSDK Ad - Muneris Testing
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9rrYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-i9gSDA	Hip Hop World banner ad - Hip Hop World
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY97rYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjc_9sSDA	ViewTorch Pro in house promotional banner ad - Flashlight "View Torch"
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhrvYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX19kSDA	Ninjump Android Tablet - Gameplay Banner Ad  - Ninjump Android Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjLvYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj--9ISDA	My Journal banner ad - My Journal
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk7vYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbptwSDA	Doodle Jump banner ad - Doodle Jump FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnMLYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit-NMSDA	android_320x50_fixed_item_notif - Zedge Ringtones & Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnsLYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjVn3QM	Banner Documents 1 - full mobile website
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo8LYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIutgSDA	Banner Ad - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrcLYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii9NcSDA	Froots banner ad - Froots
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrsLYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_gdYSDA	PicTells Adunit 2 - PicTells
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsMLYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi17NcSDA	tdownAnniversary com.appall.CountdownAnniversary banner ad - tdownAnniversary com.appall.CountdownAnniversary
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtMLYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiKltISDA	Main Activity Banner - Notification Agenda
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYusLYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi67NcSDA	Circus Phone Banner House - Circus Atari And
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwsLYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiL5tQSDA	Test App FullScreen Ad - Test app Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxMLYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjXxN8SDA	Slyon Street Tuner Android - Slyon Street Tuner
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx8LYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzqtMSDA	Custom 320x190 - JackThreads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhcrYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjg5dQSDA	iPhone - Animal Memory Match!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnsrYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj37dQSDA	testapp1 banner ad 1 - testapp1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY09nYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi74dgSDA	tc3 banner ad - tc3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY19nYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6utgSDA	SubTub iPhone Banner - SubTub iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2NnYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjroqsQDA	More_Apps_5(rect_7zoll)_320x100 - Reverse It!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4NnYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPutgSDA	Asteroids Shift  Phone Banner House - Asteroids Shift And
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6NnYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipltcSDA	UG Full Screen Ad Block 320x480 - Urban Gossip FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY79nYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBju2dgSDA	us football banner ad - US Football
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuuHYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBim-NMSDA	Banner Ad - sport mini
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxuHYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjP-9ISDA	391  FooCall banner ad - 391  FooCall
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqenYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjql9QSDA	Space Quizzer phone quiz finished interstitial - Space Quizzer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsunYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixhtISDA	My Secret Password banner ad - My Secret Password
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtenYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4htISDA	Cat Sounds banner ad - Cat Sounds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu-nYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOqtMSDA	SONG SCREEN BANNER - Dance Legend
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYifHYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicyNYSDA	Leaderboard - iOS Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi_HYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjVn3QM	Banner Blog 1 - full mobile website
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjfHYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv-9ISDA	Journal.ie Beta River - iPhone - TheJournal.ie Beta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmPHYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjli9gSDA	Main Page Banner - Wikipedia Places Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnvHYEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxi9gSDA	MapFindMe banner ad - MapFindMe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5oDZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIutgSDA	 banner ad - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7oDZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiN5tQSDA	Super Spider for iPhone - Super Spider
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY74DZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDgtsSDA	MW3 banner ad - MW3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY94DZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5stgSDA	Tablet - Fruit Blitz Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw4jZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk5dQSDA	Tstore_Tiny Farm_728X90 - Tstore_Tiny Farm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzIjZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqhN0SDA	Icon Skins Lite banner ad - Icon Skins Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzYjZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtxdwSDA	ios funny videos banner ad - the financial market video news
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz4jZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjuxdwSDA	connect4 online banner ad - connect4 online
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1YjZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiEz9QSDA	Defy+ Data Toggle banner ad - Defy+ Data Toggle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY24jZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiExtwSDA	Quanto sei Nerd ? banner ad - Quanto sei Nerd ?
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrJDZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit-NMSDA	android_320x50_fixed_search_notif - Zedge Ringtones & Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsZDZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjywZcSDA	Angry Birds Custom - Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYupDZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiE1dcSDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmpjZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi1n9QSDA	Test App banner ad - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnpjZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjamtMSDA	Interstitial - Circus Atari SDS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn5jZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihnJQSDA	Android Tablet - HeyWire Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp5jZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj579sSDA	Yachty Deluxe banner ad - Yachty Deluxe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqpjZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjAjdoSDA	JP7 - AlbumBOX com.appall.AlbumBOX!!BOX banner ad - JP7 - AlbumBOX com.appall.AlbumBOX!!BOX
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrJjZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ_dQSDA	Stick Cricket Dev - interstitial ad - Stick Cricket iOS Dev
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtJjZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKjdoSDA	Home - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwJjZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiNzCAM	Before print - Cloud Print ads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_J_ZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit-NMSDA	android_320x50_fixed_home_more - Zedge Ringtones & Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_Z_ZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjcg9gSDA	SubTub iPad Full Screen (Landscape) - SubTub iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiKDZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTgNQSDA	Banner Ad - HyperColor
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiaDZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicyNYSDA	Medium - iOS Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiqDZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp39YSDA	Missile Command Tablet Interstitial - Missile Command
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5afZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivkNkSDA	PCMobileDeals banner ad - PCMobileDeals
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1K_ZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiShdUSDA	Snake - 320x50  - Snake
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY16_ZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ_dQSDA	Stick Cricket Dev - global banner - Stick Cricket iOS Dev
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2K_ZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBia_dQSDA	Secret Text Notes banner ad - Secret Text Notes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY46_ZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0hdUSDA	Mobile Andrio banner ad - Mobile Andrio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5q_ZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBir_dQSDA	Http banner ad - Http
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtLfZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmpdISDA	Vcompany Mobi banner ad - Vcompany Mobi
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5NbZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE3tkSDA	Fashism mobile banner ad - Fashism mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6NbZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiE-R4M	iPad - Group 3 Ads - CarBuzz - news, rumors, 659 cars inside, over 250000 photos, new car reviews, spy shots and auto show stories
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7NbZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii9NcSDA	Banner Ad - Froots
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-tbZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjD-tUSDA	Jo Jo's Fashion Show 3_Android market banner ad - Jo Jo's Fashion Show 3_Android market
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhNfZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvycYSDA	Homepage Banner - OVGuide
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn9fZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVxdcSDA	Test Banner Ad 320x50 - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYodfZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiev9QSDA	Banner Ad fullscreen - Trial Xtreme 2- Winter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYotfZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjf3-IQDA	Android_3D Mahjong_728x90 - 3D Mahjong Mountain
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzd7ZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxl9QSDA	Millenial Interstitial Ad - Coffee Cafe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz97ZEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC19kSDA	BANNER - Lyric Legend 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq43aEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtucYSDA	KC Administrative & CS - Kansas City Demo Site
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt43aEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPutgSDA	Asteroids Shift Tablet Banner IAP - Asteroids Shift And
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv43aEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiShdUSDA	Banner Ad 300x250 test - Snake
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzY3aEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3wdMSDA	com.praxical.myappchannel banner ad - com.praxical.myappchannel
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-ZzaEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5udMSDA	Skout Dev 320x50 - Skout Dev Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-pzaEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMxtQSDA	BoyAhoy Dev 320x50 - BoyAhoy Dev iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkJ3aEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqv9QSDA	blackberty banner ad - blackberty
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk53aEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK7dwSDA	Bird Town banner ad - Bird Town
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmp3aEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiW24MNDA	Burstly Test 320x50 - Mobile Web App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy6zaEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8nNoSDA	Pixel Story banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Pixel Story
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2azaEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5jdoSDA	BottomBanner - BetYet?
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp7zaEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjql9QSDA	Space Quizzer tablet quiz finished interstitial - Space Quizzer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzrzaEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj2qtMSDA	SecureMyDroid banner ad - SecureMyDroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhcTaEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifrdISDA	Asteroids Shift iPad Interstitial - Asteroids Shift
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiMTaEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjli9gSDA	Set Location Page Banner - Wikipedia Places Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1NPaEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivltcSDA	DTunes Radio banner ad - DTunes Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2NPaEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5jdoSDA	TabletInterstitial - BetYet?
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7tPaEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUg-ASDA	Dress up Valentine's Day banner ad - Dress up Valentine's Day
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYutvaEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp39YSDA	Missile Command Phone House Banner - Missile Command
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvNvaEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjt39YSDA	Greek Tv banner ad - Greek Tv
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz9vaEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjh9tESDA	Hello World iOS banner ad - Hello World iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0dvaEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwtdISDA	SONG INTERSTITIAL - LYRIC LEGEND 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2NvaEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjqtgSDA	Test two - UI Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3tvaEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii4dMSDA	Paper Toss Android Tablet - GamePlay Banner Ad - Paper Toss Android Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY39vaEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig29USDA	Beer Universe Articles Banner Ad - Beer Universe Articles
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4PraEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC1dcSDA	Activity Edit Banner Ad - Foreplay
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5_raEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCvdISDA	HelloWorld iOS banner ad - HelloWorld iOS2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxoLbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz4NMSDA	TW SMP VZ DROID STARTUP INTERSTITIAL - Tunewiki SMP Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyYLbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjA1NISDA	Tablet - Yachty
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz4LbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFs9gSDA	battleships online banner ad - battleships online
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr4rbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUzdwSDA	Banner Ad - Mopubadds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsIrbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVptISDA	RideShare banner ad - RideShare
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsorbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBje9dQSDA	interstitial banner ad - Fragger vertical banner
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiprbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtjNUSDA	Face Banner - Faces
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4aHbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJ89ISDA	Android Game Medium - Android Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgqLbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBid4NYSDA	Fora 300x250 - Fora
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhaLbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSp7ISDA	Sundae Maker 728x90 - Sundae Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiKLbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizgNQSDA	chubbynoise banner ad - chubbynoise
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhMHbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiDwdsSDA	SuperTV banner ad - SuperTV
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhsHbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibudsSDA	SimpleAdsDemo banner ad - SimpleAdsDemo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkMHbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj579sSDA	Tablet Banner - Yachty Deluxe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkcHbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj679sSDA	ABCD banner ad - ABCD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlcHbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXj9wSDA	JP7 - Emoticon Max! com.appall.EmoticonMaxMAX 15,000!() banner ad - JP7 - Emoticon Max! com.appall.EmoticonMaxMAX 15,000!()
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrcHbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiS5dwSDA	CoedMagazine banner ad - CoedMagazine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu8HbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXz9QSDA	Banner Ad - Interest Rate iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxMHbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX19kSDA	Ninjump Android Tablet - Menu Banner Ad  - Ninjump Android Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxsHbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig5dwSDA	 banner ad - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYycHbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzqtMSDA	Banner Ad - JackThreads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY09DbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-n9QSDA	TestApp banner ad - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpOjbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjR-tUSDA	Pimple Popper Seasons Android Interstitial Ad - Pimple Popper Seasons Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuejbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAwtMSDA	top strip - aabbcc
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-O_bEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC1dcSDA	Game Banner Ad - Foreplay
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_O_bEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjcwdMSDA	Pimple Popper Seasons Banner Ad - Pimple Popper Seasons
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_e_bEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdwdMSDA	m.beemp3.com banner ad - m.beemp3.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_-_bEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirxpMSDA	iOS_Tic Tac Toe_More Games 2_320x50 - Tic Tac Toe Glow
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg_DbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjkwdMSDA	monkey fruits online banner ad - monkey fruits online
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkfDbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijv9QSDA	Vishalagarwal banner ad - Vishalagarwal
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmPDbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiEjNgSDA	Banner Ad - Himanshu Agrawal
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmfDbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiEjNgSDA	Banner Ad 4 - Himanshu Agrawal
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn_DbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiuv9QSDA	ICR Flipmag banner ad - ICR Flipmag
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3ffbEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjc99sSDA	Icon Skins Lite banner ad - Icon Skins Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx__bEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUzdwSDA	add - Mopubadds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0P_bEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWv9QSDA	300x250 MEDIUM Ad - Space Break! Lite v1.2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5__bEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9qN4SDA	Paper Toss Android Phone - GamePlay Interstitial - Paper Toss Android Phone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8P_bEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiNzCAM	Files - Cloud Print ads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt4fcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLmNQSDA	Company Driver banner ad - Company Driver
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYko_cEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii9NcSDA	Banner Ad - Froots
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk4_cEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5stgSDA	Phone - Fruit Blitz Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoo_cEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiok9MSDA	techMemoryUni banner ad - techMemoryUni
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqY_cEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBim5dwSDA	Dvd plyar banner ad - Dvd plyar
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4p7cEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqi9gSDA	Familytouch banner ad - FamilyTouchLite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY757cEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiEjNgSDA	Himanshu Agrawal banner ad - Himanshu Agrawal
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9Z7cEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicyNYSDA	iOS_Test_More Games_Banner 2_320x50 - iOS Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy6bcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBid8dgSDA	Olleh_CB 2012 Free_300X250 - Olleh_com2us baseball 2012 Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2qbcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB_NISDA	TX1 banner header admob - TX1 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3qbcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNmuASDA	Bubble Wrap banner ad - Bubble Wrap FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsa7cEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI4dMSDA	Space Monkey Maze - PRO banner ad - Space Monkey Maze - PRO
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYta7cEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirxpMSDA	iOS_Tic Tac Toe_More Games 3_320x50 - Tic Tac Toe Glow
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYva7cEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk99sSDA	Scanner Radio Deluxe banner ad - Scanner Radio Deluxe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwK7cEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX1dcSDA	Blic Android Single banner ad - Blic Android Single
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnLbcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ6NsSDA	iPhone - Christmas Sticker Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnbbcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvwt0SDA	Keepy Uppy iPhone banner ad - Keepy Uppy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnrbcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjTvS4M	PROMO BANNER - LYRIC LEGEND 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqbbcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi16NsSDA	Dreamtopia 320x50 - Dreamtopia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6sXcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBja9tESDA	JP7 - Alarm Bear com.appall.alarmbear banner ad - JP7 - Alarm Bear com.appall.alarmbear
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8cXcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifs90SDA	Circus Atari iOS banner ad - Circus Atari iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY88XcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixtdISDA	market://details?id=com.appall.decomanga banner ad - jp7 - Like comics.com.appall.decomanga COMICMAKER
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-cXcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj5xmYM	FullScreen FR - Swissradio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgsbcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC1dcSDA	Test Ad - Foreplay
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0c3cEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUqdYSDA	A_PF UP_300X250 - A_Puzzle Family UP
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY083cEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVqdYSDA	INTERIOR BANNER - Tunewiki SMP Verizon Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1s3cEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjy7NwSDA	blogger banner ad - Blogger
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY183cEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYqdYSDA	BubbleLockScreen Ad - BubbleLockScreen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2M3cEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicqdYSDA	Avoid Station - Avoid Station
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY283cEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjcxdISDA	BANNER - Dance Legend
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3M3cEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjcxdISDA	SONG SCREEN BANNER - Dance Legend
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpd3cEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiR6NsSDA	Mobi Master banner ad - Mobi Master
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp93cEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-vdISDA	memory online banner ad - memory online
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr93cEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiP_NcSDA	Ninjump Android Phone - StartUp Interstitial - Ninjump Android Phone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsd3cEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicyNYSDA	iOS_Test_More Games_Banner 1_320x50 - iOS Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpeXcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjf3-IQDA	Android_3D Mahjong_1024x768 - 3D Mahjong Mountain
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9uzcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidwdsSDA	Notification Agenda banner ad - Notification Agenda
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_OzcEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjN29oSDA	- Muneris Test App - banner ad - 320x50 Android - - Muneris Test App -
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsYTdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBil2t0SDA	inkFREAKZ banner ad - inkFREAKZ
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtYTdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3itsSDA	all games banner ad - all games
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyYTdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIhN0SDA	Event Notify  - Event Notify
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy4TdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiNzCAM	Google docs - Cloud Print ads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkozdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKqtMSDA	Solitaire :) iPhone - Solitaire :) iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlIzdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOqtMSDA	BANNER - Dance Legend
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm4zdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz4NMSDA	HOME BANNER - Tunewiki SMP Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsavdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiT6NsSDA	iPhone - Banner Ad 320x50 - Urban Gossip FREE Webpages
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtKvdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBighdUSDA	othello online banner ad - othello online
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmrPdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxodsSDA	Test App 2 banner ad 2 - Test App 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoLPdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifs90SDA	Circus iPad Banner House - Circus Atari iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYobPdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0odsSDA	8tracks radio banner ad - 8tracks Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo7PdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjl9tESDA	88nine banner ad - 88nine Radio Milwaukee
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpLPdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC1dcSDA	Test Banner - Foreplay
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqbPdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX29USDA	Angry Birds banner ad - Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjrvdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXs9gSDA	Banner Ad 320x50 - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj7vdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq-98SDA	Results Banner - goCraig!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYotrdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiuhN0SDA	- Muneris Test App - banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - - Muneris Test App -
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo9rdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZsMkSDA	Loading Screen 320x480 - Omniauto.it
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpNrdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifs90SDA	Circus iPad Interstitial - Circus Atari iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq9rdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjqtgSDA	UI Test App banner ad - UI Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3vHdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8utgSDA	New Game banner ad - New Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5vHdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiR3N8SDA	Red Mouse Wallpapers banner ad - Red Mouse Wallpapers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5_HdEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiNzCAM	Drawings - Cloud Print ads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwfndEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibv9QSDA	Trial Xtreme 2 Free - 320 x 50 - Trial Xtreme 2 Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyPndEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiev9QSDA	Trial Xtreme 2- Winter banner ad - Trial Xtreme 2- Winter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0fndEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ_NcSDA	Hip Hop World banner ad - Hip Hop World
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0_ndEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK_NcSDA	Stickly Jump banner ad iPad - Stickly Jump
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7fndEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbxN8SDA	Stick Cricket Dev - menu banner - Stick Cricket Android Dev
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8PndEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiNzCAM	After print - Cloud Print ads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-5DeEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjowdMSDA	JP7 - Phone reception monitor com.appall.phonereceptionmonitor banner ad - JP7 - Phone reception monitor com.appall.phonereceptionmonitor
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjpHeEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiV394SDA	hot girls pics banner ad - hot girls pics
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkpHeEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiP_NcSDA	Ninjump Android Phone - GamePlay  Banner Ad - Ninjump Android Phone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlpHeEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicyNYSDA	iOS_Test_More Games_Banner 3_320x50 - iOS Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtKjeEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBj5xmYM	FullScreen Others - Swissradio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv6jeEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiJwSEM	Grindr Tablet Ad - Grindr - Gay, bi, & curious guy finder of the same sex.
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwqjeEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpptISDA	SKY.FM 320x50 banner ad - SKY.FM Internet Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxKjeEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0gNQSDA	iPad - Christmas Memory Match!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxajeEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj69tESDA	pick-Up Sticks banner(iPhone) - Pick-Up Sticks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjt_eEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8vNoSDA	New Game banner ad - New Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnt_eEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBid394SDA	iPhone - Ocean Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzvbeEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjR-tUSDA	Pimple Popper Seasons Android Banner Ad - Pimple Popper Seasons Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1_beEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBia19kSDA	MosParking banner ad - MosParking      
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl4bfEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRvdISDA	Editor Activity Banner - Notification Agenda
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmYbfEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYht8SDA	TVGuide.co.uk TV Guide UK banner ad - TVGuide.co.uk TV Guide UK
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-43fEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA7r8SDA	VentureBeat 300x250 - VentureBeat
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzp3fEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9qN4SDA	Paper Toss Android Phone - GamePlay Banner Ad - Paper Toss Android Phone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0J3fEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqr9QSDA	Centipede banner ad - Centipede
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjLXfEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTptwSDA	Chicago News interstitial - Chicago News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjrXfEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit3dwSDA	Learn The Alphabet banner ad - Learn The Alphabet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj7XfEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRmNQSDA	Fullscreen - iPhone: Doodle Boat
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkLXfEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbvdISDA	CitS Flipmag banner ad - CitS Flipmag
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkrXfEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9qN4SDA	Paper Toss Android Phone - StartUp Interstitial - Paper Toss Android Phone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk7XfEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiP_NcSDA	Ninjump Android Phone - Menu Banner Ad - Ninjump Android Phone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlLXfEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiP_NcSDA	Ninjump Android Phone - GamePlay Interstitial - Ninjump Android Phone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl7XfEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-jNUSDA	MRAID 320x50 - MRAID Test - Hidden Iframe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnbXfEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjvdISDA	MRAID 320x50 - MRAID Test - Expand URL Custom
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnrXfEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjv-toSDA	Brave Elements banner ad - Brave Elements
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoLXfEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicyNYSDA	iOS_Test_Game of the Month_320x100 - iOS Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo7XfEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiitd8SDA	Cute Bunny Flipmag banner ad - Cute Bunny Flipmag
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr7XfEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVxdcSDA	Test Banner Ad 320x240 - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs7XfEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYzJoRDA	Wikinvest Portfolio 600x80 - Wikinvest Portfolio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY87zfEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiNzCAM	Contacts - Cloud Print ads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1MTfEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVqdYSDA	HOME BANNER - Tunewiki SMP Verizon Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuszfEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit3dwSDA	Banner Ad - Learn The Alphabet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYotTfEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTptwSDA	Chicago News banner ad - Chicago News
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpdTfEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUg-ASDA	DressUp Custom Test Ad - Dress up Valentine's Day
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjNzfEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8-9ISDA	Appia Android banner ad -  Appia Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqfvfEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjA19ESDA	http://pavel.movchan.u2.com.ua banner ad - http://pavel.movchan.u2.com.ua
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrPvfEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZmNQSDA	Bottom banner - Color Mind
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnYPgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifs9gSDA	Flag Fun banner ad - Flags Fun - FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_orgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiOu9gSDA	demo app 3 banner ad - demo app 3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5JLgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiakd4SDA	Digitally Imported Radio 320x50 banner ad - Digitally Imported Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyZrgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSp7ISDA	Sundae Maker 640x100 - Sundae Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmqrgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj69tESDA	Pick-Up Sticks banner(iPad) - Pick-Up Sticks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnKrgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9v9QSDA	Family Pack - Interstitials banner ad - Family Pack - Interstitials
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn6rgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-v9QSDA	iNepali Music banner ad - iNepali Music
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhbLgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5qtMSDA	top of the page - iNepali Aajako
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1MHgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ1uESDA	INepali Aajako - INepali Aajako
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5cHgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-yeASDA	Dots Free - Game Board Screen - Dots Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6sHgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix0eASDA	Banner Ad 4 - zaman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpdHgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitg8YSDA	Sport Home Takeover - Blic Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYptHgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8yeASDA	Balance the Bomb(CN/Papaya) banner ad - Balance the Bomb(CN/Papaya)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqdHgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLkeMSDA	fanatik android banner ad 6 - fanatik android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrNHgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDn-ESDA	Interstitial Ad - Centipede
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrdHgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHn-ESDA	Express Mode Banner - Philips Dictation Recorder for iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYstHgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix0eASDA	Banner Ad 6 - zaman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtNHgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHyeASDA	Smuggle Truck Interstitial - Smuggle Truck
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxtHgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBia3uESDA	Happy Rainbow (Coin Pitch) banner ad 1 - Happy Rainbow (Coin Pitch)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlNngEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSteQSDA	bbc tablet banner ad - bbc tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9-DgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjssOMSDA	Chess Free - Game Board Screen - Chess Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4ejgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBippOISDA	Banner Ad 5 - huffingtonpost.com newspaper magazine android application USA 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz_DgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK_NcSDA	250x250 - Stickly Jump
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0fDgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYgOESDA	Hangman Free - Game Board Screen - Hangman 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1_DgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj74OASDA	Tennessee Strong banner ad - Tennessee Strong
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6vDgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBivgOESDA	CountryScan banner ad - CountryScan
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8vDgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYzJoRDA	Kindle Footer (600x80) - Wikinvest Portfolio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrfjgEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjgweASDA	SleepDin banner ad - SleepDin
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm4DhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix0eASDA	Banner Ad 3 - zaman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYooDhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBin_eESDA	iPad - Ocean Dots!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs4DhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSteQSDA	Banner Ad 7 - bbc tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-4fhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvycYSDA	iPad 300x250 - OVGuide
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_YfhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiizuESDA	iNepali Music Andriod - iNepali Music
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_ofhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiNzCAM	gmail - Cloud Print ads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_4fhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPl-ESDA	Chromian Wars banner ad - Chromian Wars
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgojhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjN6uISDA	Reversi - Game Board Screen - Reversi 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhIjhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHn-ESDA	Recording List Banner - Philips Dictation Recorder for iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhYjhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitg8YSDA	Sport Single P2 - Blic Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjIjhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3zuESDA	 banner ad - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnojhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxlOISDA	Egg Plop banner ad - Egg Plop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY44_hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizn-ESDA	Wordr banner ad - Wordr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyZfhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhj-ESDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0JfhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq7-MSDA	Spades Free - Game Board Screen - Spades 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvp_hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidp-ESDA	Hangman Free HD - Game Board Screen - Hangman Free HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzZ_hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjihuQSDA	Lego Minifigure Identifier + banner ad - Lego Minifigure Identifier +
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmqfhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB7eESDA	INepali Aajako iPad - INepali Aajako iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnKfhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK_NcSDA	Stickly Jump banner ad iPod - Stickly Jump
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpafhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSteQSDA	Banner Ad 5 - bbc tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg6_hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvycYSDA	iPad 728x90 - OVGuide
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYha_hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjy4OASDA	Scratch Draw for Kids banner ad - Scratch Draw for Kids
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh6_hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz4OASDA	app banner ad - Battery Boost Magic App, free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiK_hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpsOMSDA	Al Watan banner ad - Al Watan
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpa_hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisrOISDA	www.test.com banner ad - www.test.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8rbhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinzuESDA	Finger Runner - Finger Runner
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY97bhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWu-ISDA	Pimple Popper Seasons Kindle Fire Interstitial Ad - Pimple Popper Seasons Kindle Fire
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-7bhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLn-ESDA	Cute Dogs banner ad - Cute Dogs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0b7hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvycYSDA	iPad 160x600 - OVGuide
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY677hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC8uISDA	Female Orgasam banner ad - Female Orgasam 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8b7hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKyo8SDA	Banner Ad - DEV - Heywire for iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvsbhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjT8OASDA	CinchDroid banner ad - CinchDroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzsbhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhvuESDA	SVUCA.EDU banner ad - SVUCA.EDU
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0MbhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJyeASDA	Banner Ad 2 - huffpost
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoc7hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK_NcSDA	Banner Ad - Stickly Jump
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqM7hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLkeMSDA	fanatik android banner ad 2 - fanatik android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqs7hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmweASDA	Hearts Free - Game Board Screen - Hearts 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs87hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKjdoSDA	PlayscreenBanner - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu87hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBippOISDA	Banner Ad 7 - huffingtonpost.com newspaper magazine android application USA 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYldbhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi98uISDA	 banner ad - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYntbhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSteQSDA	Banner Ad 4 - bbc tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9N3hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE7dQSDA	FOXNews.com entertainment banner ad 7 - FOXNews.com entertainment
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY993hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBis8uISDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-d3hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiGqeMSDA	POZ Personals - http://www.poz.com/mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_N3hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj73eESDA	iStayHealthy banner ad - iStayHealthy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYid7hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj4sOMSDA	Angry Birds - Pigs out - Angry Birds - Pigs out
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnt7hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3pOISDA	3pt Android Version banner ad - 3pt Android Version 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2uXhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiNzCAM	picasa screen - Cloud Print ads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3OXhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE7dQSDA	FOXNews.com entertainment banner ad 3 - FOXNews.com entertainment
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx-3hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjAw-ISDA	Minesweeper Free - Game Board Screen - Minesweeper 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyu3hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik45EBDA	Banner Ad - Game1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrvXhEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjV8OASDA	Itzy3D Apple banner ad - Itzy3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk_3hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiNzCAM	print jobs - Cloud Print ads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlv3hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE7dQSDA	FOXNews.com entertainment banner ad 2 - FOXNews.com entertainment
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl_3hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE7dQSDA	FOXNews.com entertainment banner ad 5 - FOXNews.com entertainment
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmf3hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiM0OMSDA	Occularis: 480x44 - Occularis: Color Challenge
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnP3hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_n-ESDA	Hearts Free HD - Game Board Screen - Hearts Free HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrP3hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiL2-ISDA	news banner ad - news
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt_3hEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjx1OQSDA	New Operation Transformation banner ad - New Operation Transformation
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-4TiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB2KISDA	Mixology-iOS-AppLaunchInterstitial - MixologyTM Drink Recipes (Free)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgYXiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiD3uESDA	FLAMES banner ad - FLAMES
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYioXiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibnuQSDA	Flick Fun banner ad - Flickr Fun
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY44ziEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ1uESDA	Banner Ad - INepali Aajako
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7IziEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBieqeMSDA	 banner ad -  Emergency Assistance
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzpTiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiL_9YSDA	Occularis Banner - sdktest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY25TiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix0eASDA	Banner Ad 2 - zaman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5ZTiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjy4uISDA	My Gallery banner ad - My Gallery
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6JTiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjql-ESDA	Battery Indicator Widget banner ad - Battery Indicator Widget
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs5ziEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLkeMSDA	fanatik android banner ad 2 - fanatik android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy5ziEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSteQSDA	Banner Ad 2 - bbc tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmqTiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNlOISDA	ngigroup banner ad - ngigroup
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoaTiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDn-ESDA	Banner ad - Centipede
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqqTiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBippOISDA	huffingtonpost.com newspaper magazine android application USA banner ad - huffingtonpost.com newspaper magazine android application USA 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuKTiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjyvuESDA	Mobile Document Viewer banner ad - Mobile Document Viewer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgaziEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZpOISDA	melvin&jenny songs banner ad - melvin&jenny songs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiKziEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE7dQSDA	FOXNews.com entertainment banner ad 4 - FOXNews.com entertainment
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj6ziEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU-uISDA	iPad - Ocean Sticker Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkqziEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUlOISDA	Backgammon Free - Game Board Screen - Backgammon Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlKziEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWu-ISDA	Pimple Popper Seasons Kindle Fire Banner Ad - Pimple Popper Seasons Kindle Fire
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsKziEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxlOISDA	Egg Plop Millenial Interstitial - Egg Plop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1LviEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBia_eESDA	e4d Hotel Lobby - e4d Hotel Lobby
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2LviEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQo98QDA	Prehravac - AudioKnihy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2rviEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitg8YSDA	Info Single P2 - Blic Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6LviEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSteQSDA	Banner Ad 6 - bbc tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvsPiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK_NcSDA	iPhone - 250x250  - Stickly Jump
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx8PiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjV8OASDA	AdMob Banner Ad - Itzy3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqMviEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSteQSDA	Banner Ad 3 - bbc tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8driEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiNzCAM	show printer deatails - Cloud Print ads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8triEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjL8OASDA	DU Wedding - More Games - Dress Up! Wedding
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY89riEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUg-ASDA	DU Valentine's - Featured More Games - Dress up Valentine's Day
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-NriEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK_NcSDA	test banner - Stickly Jump
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_NriEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix0eASDA	Banner Ad 7 - zaman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnNviEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIwuASDA	OpenTable for iPad banner ad - OpenTable for iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4eLiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLkeMSDA	fanatik android banner ad 4 - fanatik android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6eLiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix0eASDA	 Banner Ad 5 - zaman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7-LiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBippOISDA	Banner Ad 6 - huffingtonpost.com newspaper magazine android application USA 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_OLiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibiOESDA	IVA 21% Anti-speculazione banner ad - IVA 21% Anti-speculazione
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_eLiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiciOESDA	Talking Pierre the Parrot - 320 x 50 - Talking Pierre the Parrot
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgOPiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-1-MSDA	Kisni banner ad - Kisni
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxeriEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijyOMSDA	Dress Up Fashion banner ad - Dress Up! Fashion
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyOriEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLkeMSDA	fanatik android banner ad 1 - fanatik android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyeriEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLkeMSDA	fanatik android banner ad 5 - fanatik android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2OriEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbuOMSDA	PhotoFrame banner ad - PhotoFrame
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsfLiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixzuESDA	Gallery View Ad Unit - LOOKBOOK - Collective Fashion Consciousness
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuPLiEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj2sOMSDA	Angry Birds - Pigs out html - Angry Birds - Pigs out
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkvriEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE7dQSDA	FOXNews.com entertainment banner ad 6 - FOXNews.com entertainment
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlfriEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU-uISDA	iPhone - Ocean Sticker Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYovriEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBippOISDA	Banner Ad 3 - huffingtonpost.com newspaper magazine android application USA 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqPriEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjt39YSDA	Medium Ad - Greek Tv
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq_riEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqvuESDA	iPhone - LDS Sticker Book
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsvriEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjI8uISDA	Brick Buddy banner ad - Brick Buddies
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgYLjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirzuESDA	Reversi Free HD - Game Board Screen - Reversi Free HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg4LjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmieMSDA	v banner ad - IKEA Catalogue
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjYLjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi30eASDA	fart banner ad - Fart Sounds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj4LjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBpuQSDA	Italy in diretta banner ad - Italy in diretta
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8YnjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXqeMSDA	Al Watan banner ad - Al Watan on iPhone  
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-InjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZiOESDA	Findr banner ad - Findr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-onjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJyeASDA	Banner Ad 5 - huffpost
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzpHjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix0eASDA	zaman banner ad 1 - zaman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2JHjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjWw-ISDA	AdiTubeTest banner ad - AdiTubeTest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2ZHjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJyeASDA	Banner Ad 3 - huffpost
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuJnjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHn-ESDA	Settings Banner - Philips Dictation Recorder for iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuZnjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjYlOISDA	http://wash.vkhoria.co.in banner ad - http://wash.vkhoria.co.in
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwJnjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI_-MSDA	Android Funny Videos banner ad - Android Funny Videos
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwpnjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTw-ISDA	My Notebook banner ad - My Notebook
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyJnjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxl-ESDA	Solitaire Deluxe - 320 x 50 - Solitaire Deluxe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg6njEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiNzCAM	Main menu 057 - Cloud Print ads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhanjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH8eAODA	Banner Ad - Wallpapers & Backgrounds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiKnjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLkeMSDA	fanatik android banner ad 7 - fanatik android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm6njEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8zuESDA	CountryScan banner ad - CountryScan
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnanjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_zuESDA	CountryScan banner ad - CountryScan
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpanjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJyeASDA	Banner Ad 6 - huffpost
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1rjjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBis9eESDA	Sample Papers banner ad - Sample Papers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYucDjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitg8YSDA	Info Home Takeover - Blic Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYosjjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzqtMSDA	Banner Ad - Test for Interstitial - JackThreads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqsjjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxs-ISDA	The Conjugator interstitial - The Conjugator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi9DjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUg-ASDA	DU Valentine's - More Games - Dress up Valentine's Day
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkNDjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX-uISDA	Liverpool FC banner ad - Liverpool FC
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl9DjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBic-uISDA	aaa banner ad - aaa
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrdDjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijwdsSDA	imageViewer Full Ad - LipStickPlus
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8tfjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjL8OASDA	DU Wedding - Featured More Games - Dress Up! Wedding
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY89fjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjg4uISDA	e3d Tea Room banner ad - e3d Tea Room
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-9fjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiT2-ISDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3d_jEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiN3uESDA	Magic 8 Ball banner ad - Magic 8 Ball
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY39_jEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBippOISDA	Banner Ad 2 - huffingtonpost.com newspaper magazine android application USA 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxefjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwt78SDA	JT offerings banner v1.2.1 - JackThreads for iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkffjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBir9eESDA	Spades Free HD - Game Board Screen - Spades Free HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmPfjEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9weASDA	Free eBooks banner ad - Free eBooks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-_7jEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQo98QDA	Katalog - AudioKnihy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhP_jEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBin_eESDA	iPhone - Ocean Dots!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi__jEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqvuESDA	iPad - LDS Sticker Book
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjP_jEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJyeASDA	Banner Ad 4 - huffpost
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjf_jEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ3uESDA	LipStickPlus full Page ad - LipStickPlus
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsZbkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBippOISDA	Banner Ad 4 - huffingtonpost.com newspaper magazine android application USA 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt5bkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJt-ESDA	Android Funny Videos banner ad - Android Funny Videos
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn57kEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUw-ISDA	ios funny videos banner ad - ios funny videos
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo57kEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJyeASDA	Banner Ad 7 - huffpost
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqJ7kEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB5OQSDA	iPad - Ocean Memory Match!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgqbkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJyeASDA	huffpost banner ad - huffpost
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6a3kEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj74uISDA	Home Page - http://www.gourmetcityguide.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrMXkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjT4eUSDA	Bottom - Ocean Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu8XkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjl4eUSDA	MainPage - Gameplan
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvcXkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBid4NYSDA	Fora 320x50 - Fora
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv8XkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdhecSDA	Banner Ad 8 - hurriyet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlM3kEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjl4eUSDA	CoverPage - Gameplan
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9tTkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip4-cSDA	Car Buddy banner ad - Car Buddy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgtXkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA8-cSDA	Banner Ad - Birthday Widget
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5NzkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-nKgQDA	iOS_Backgammon_More Games 2_320x50 - Backgammon Gold
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzOTkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit9OQSDA	Fake-A-Call Free Fullscreen Startup Ad - Fake-A-Call Free TM
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqezkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB5OQSDA	iPhone - Ocean Memory Match!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmPTkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU8eUSDA	TX1 full screen - TX1 AND
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm_TkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG5OQSDA	m.zedge.net - 320 x 50 - m.zedge.net
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-fvkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMzeQSDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhPzkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiNzCAM	store - Cloud Print ads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiPzkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiNx-YSDA	BluItUp banner ad - Blu It Up
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkfzkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj02eUSDA	Interstitial ad - LOL+
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlPzkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjl4eUSDA	Gameplan banner ad - Gameplan
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlfzkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtr-YSDA	WB test app banner ad - WB test app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl_zkEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiT6toQDA	Tower Town - Banner - Shop - Tower Town
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5YPlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPhecSDA	GlamTwiG banner ad - GlamTwiG
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY54PlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6eUSDA	Banner Ad 9 - fanatik apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy4vlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjF4eUSDA	Oz_PF UP_300X250 - Oz_Puzzle Family UP
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz4vlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjI8uISDA	fullscreen - Brick Buddies
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY14vlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_2eUSDA	Hippo Teaser banner ad - Hippo Teaser
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtJPlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiG_OQSDA	Mother Jones- 300x250 - Mother Jones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuJPlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUndoSDA	Banner Ad - iPrayer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwJPlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirlecSDA	m.dailymotion.com - 320 x 50 - m.dailymotion.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnZvlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBis7OQSDA	china banner ad - china
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoJvlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6eUSDA	Banner Ad 3 - fanatik apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp5vlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjGt-YSDA	Android Game banner ad - Android Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqpvlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjI8uISDA	interstitial - Brick Buddies
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrJvlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQnecSDA	iPhone - Pirate Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhqPlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBi4iiEM	Banner Ads - WeiboXL Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY66rlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0y-cSDA	Heat Pad Lite - iPad - Heat Pad Lite - Relaxing Heat Sensitive Surface
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7arlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDuuUSDA	Catch the Falling Apples banner ad - Catch the Falling Apples Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7qrlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-nKgQDA	iOS_Backgammon_Game of the Month_728x90 - Backgammon Gold
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9arlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-vq0SDA	Custom Banner - A Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9qrlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFxeQSDA	Color Wars banner ad - Color Wars
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvrrlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6eUSDA	Banner Ad 7 - fanatik apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv7rlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj31OQSDA	Fullscreen - Neon Play Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzbrlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi26eUSDA	Feed The ZOMBIE banner ad - Feed The ZOMBIE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz7rlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSt-YSDA	BannerTest banner ad - BannerTest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2brlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBir8eUSDA	DTunes Radio Test ads banner ad - DTunes Radio Test ads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYisrlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9_KkQDA	Millennial 300x250 - Nat Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlcrlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRiOYSDA	Grindr 728x90 - Grindr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmMrlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJgugSDA	Tstore_Oven Break UP_300X250 - Tstore_Oven Break UP
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmcrlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiy6eUSDA	iPad - Paper Doll Dress Up!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY89HlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6eUSDA	Banner Ad 8 - fanatik apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY49nlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiG_OQSDA	Mother Jones - 320x50 - Mother Jones
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6tnlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjD5uYSDA	Banner ad - Stress Check by Azumio - Free 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY69nlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi1xeQSDA	ProfanityCandy banner ad - ProfanityCandy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9dnlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj02eUSDA	MenuActivity big ad - LOL+
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxOHlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiNyuUSDA	A_PF UP_KR_300X250 - A_Puzzle Family UP_KR
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0uHlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjGt-YSDA	Fullscreen - Android Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2uHlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik9OQSDA	Muneris Test Android banner ad - Muneris Test Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3eHlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdhecSDA	Banner Ad 4 - hurriyet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4OHlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj02eUSDA	MainActivity ad - LOL+
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7OHlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigx-YSDA	mopubTestApp banner ad - mopubTestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtenlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-nKgQDA	iOS_Backgammon_More Games 2_728x90 - Backgammon Gold
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvunlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijuegSDA	OnTheSnow Snow Reports banner ad - OnTheSnow Snow Reports
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwunlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip4OgSDA	Bottom - Team
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnfHlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzgOYSDA	A_Oven Break UP_300X250 - A_Oven Break UP
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs_HlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix9OQSDA	iPhone - Paper Doll Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtPHlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix9OQSDA	iPad - Paper Doll Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_PjlEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU8eUSDA	TX1 AND header - TX1 AND
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7IDmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBid9OQSDA	AllTrails test banner ad - AllTrails
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7oDmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjI8uISDA	Millenial - Brick Buddies
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9oDmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdhecSDA	Banner Ad 3 - hurriyet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgYHmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjsr-YSDA	m.OnTheSnow.com banner ad - m.OnTheSnow.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3IjmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdhecSDA	Banner Ad 11 - hurriyet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY34jmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjy4eUSDA	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtZDmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6eUSDA	Banner Ad 2 - fanatik apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwpDmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTt-YSDA	DemoApp banner ad - DemoApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxpDmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjYt-YSDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY05DmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9_KkQDA	Custom Event Banner - Nat Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkqDmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj58ucSDA	Interstitial - Peppersports
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk6DmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-nKgQDA	iOS_Backgammon_More Games 1_320x50 - Backgammon Gold
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlaDmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-nKgQDA	iOS_Backgammon_More Games 1_728x90 - Backgammon Gold
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoaDmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBkOYSDA	MyOlympics banner ad - MyOlympics
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpaDmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBid4NYSDA	Fora 320x50 - Fora
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7KfmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrp-YSDA	Monster Free Apps banner ad - Monster Free Apps - Find free games and apps daily
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY76fmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6eUSDA	fanatik apple banner ad 1 - fanatik apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-qfmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi95uYSDA	Geisenapps banner ad - Geisenapps
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY06_mEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6eUSDA	Banner Ad 6 - fanatik apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2K_mEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbuOMSDA	FullScreen Ad - PhotoFrame
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5a_mEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm1uYSDA	Calorie Counter! banner ad - Calorie Counter!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwbfmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6eUSDA	Banner Ad 4 - fanatik apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw7fmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6eUSDA	Banner Ad 11 - fanatik apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx7fmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbr-YSDA	Ultimate Control banner ad - Ultimate Control
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzLfmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdhecSDA	Banner Ad 6 - hurriyet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5rfmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiNo-USDA	angr banner ad - Angry Bulls
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo7_mEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA_OQSDA	GlamTwiG banner ad - GlamTwiG
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkMfmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRiOYSDA	Grindr 320x480 - Grindr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmMfmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj31OQSDA	Banner - Neon Play Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9s7mEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZmNQSDA	Basic Banner - Color Mind
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3NbmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVrOcSDA	sdf banner ad - sdf
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6tbmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjEkOYSDA	Test App 1 banner ad - Test App 1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8dbmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIqOYSDA	The Christian Science Monitor- 728x90 - The Christian Science Monitor
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzt7mEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIqOYSDA	The Christian Science Monitor- 320x50 - The Christian Science Monitor
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs-bmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitm-USDA	TickTak banner ad - TickTak
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtebmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRiOYSDA	Grindr 320x50 - Grindr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuebmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPoOYSDA	Olleh_Oven Break UP_300X250 - Olleh_Oven Break UP
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvObmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-nKgQDA	iOS_Backgammon_More Games 3_728x90 - Backgammon Gold
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv-bmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC1dcSDA	Interstitial - Foreplay
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwebmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp0-cSDA	Wordpress.com WordAds Network banner ad - Wordpress.com WordAds Network
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-_XmEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXnecSDA	OnTheSnow Gear Guide - 320 x 50 - OnTheSnow Gear Guide
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4v3mEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6eUSDA	Banner Ad 10 - fanatik apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5P3mEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj81OQSDA	peppersports banner ad - Peppersports
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6v3mEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdhecSDA	hurriyet banner ad 1 - hurriyet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0YXnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj_eYSDA	Heat Pad Lite banner ad - Heat Pad Lite - Relaxing Heat Sensitive Surface
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3oXnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdhecSDA	Banner Ad 2 - hurriyet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6oXnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdhecSDA	Banner Ad 10 - hurriyet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm5XnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjppOcSDA	Olleh_PF UP_300X250 - Olleh_Puzzle Family UP
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYspXnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOkOYSDA	TH_DBF_Menu Ad - Doodle Bomb Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgZ3nEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6uuUSDA	Tstore_PF UP_300X250 - Tstore_Puzzle Family UP
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkp3nEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiE-eUSDA	Oz_Oven Break UP_300X250 - Oz_Oven Break UP
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo53nEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdhecSDA	Banner Ad 9 - hurriyet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY76TnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdhecSDA	Banner Ad 5 - hurriyet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8aTnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJkOYSDA	WB test app banner ad - WB test app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0aznEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBja1uYSDA	SSapps_PF UP_300X250 - SSapps_Puzzle Family_UP
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYurTnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq-98SDA	Post Banner - goCraig!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8svnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqquUSDA	TestAds banner ad - TestAds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-NPnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiIqOYSDA	The Christian Science Monitor- 300x250 - The Christian Science Monitor
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr-PnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-nKgQDA	iOS_Backgammon_Game of the Month_320x100 - Backgammon Gold
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsOPnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdhecSDA	Banner Ad 7 - hurriyet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs-PnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzyOgSDA	Dailymotion Video Stream - 320 x 50 - Dailymotion Video Stream
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuOPnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiT6toQDA	Tower Town - Banner - Inventory - Tower Town
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkevnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6eUSDA	Banner Ad 5 - fanatik apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmevnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiy6eUSDA	iPhone - Paper Doll Dress Up!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-vLnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj58ucSDA	Peppersports Banner - Peppersports
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-_LnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQnecSDA	iPad - Pirate Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4frnEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6jrUSDA	National Review 300x250 - National Review
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtoroEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiekugSDA	Fake-A-Message Free fullscreen startup add - Fake-A-MessageTM Free (MMS & SMS!)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0qnoEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB_9sSDA	Banner Ad - com.hot.japanese.v2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu7HoEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjv1uYSDA	OnTheSnow - Ski & Snow Report banner ad - OnTheSnow Snow Reports
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpLnoEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjXsuUSDA	FunAGame banner ad - FunAGame
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY--_oEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBji9-gSDA	ChinaDrivingTheory 320 x 50 - ChinaDrivingTheory
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg_DoEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7r7ISDA	Banner Ad - Travel Altimeter Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYivDoEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCn-kSDA	GameDurak banner ad - GameDurak
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4ffoEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj57-gSDA	AOKCLT_APPLE_MENU - AOKCLT_APPLE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyf_oEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj57-gSDA	AOKCLT_APPLE_MODE - AOKCLT_APPLE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzP_oEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSteQSDA	Banner Ad 9 - bbc tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzv_oEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSl-4SDA	Banner Ad 2 - bbc tablet apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsYfpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj57-gSDA	AOKCLT_APPLE_PAUSE - AOKCLT_APPLE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmY_pEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj57-gSDA	AOKCLT_APPLE_INTER - AOKCLT_APPLE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYno_pEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW2b4SDA	 Millennial Media Top Banner - Today's Horoscope by Kelli Fox
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgZfpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj57-gSDA	AOKCLT_APPLE_RESULTS - AOKCLT_APPLE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhJfpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtnukSDA	Android Flashlight banner ad - Android Flashlight
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-57pEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE7dQSDA	Banner Ad 9 - FOXNews.com entertainment
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_J7pEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE7dQSDA	Banner Ad 14 - FOXNews.com entertainment
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_Z7pEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSteQSDA	Banner Ad 16 - bbc tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2abpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiy--wSDA	Gold Spot Price banner ad - Gold Spot Price
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkb7pEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSl-4SDA	Banner Ad 8 - bbc tablet apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx9XpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbwe0SDA	The Magic of Utilities banner ad - The Magic of Utilities
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq93pEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSteQSDA	Banner Ad 12 - bbc tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl-XpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE7dQSDA	Banner Ad 11 - FOXNews.com entertainment
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5PTpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjF1ekSDA	Banner Ad - iStayHealthy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5vTpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE7dQSDA	Banner Ad 15 - FOXNews.com entertainment
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzfzpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC1dcSDA	Activity List 2 - Foreplay
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0PzpEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSl-4SDA	Banner Ad 13 - bbc tablet apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs4TqEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjI8uISDA	Full Screen iPad - Brick Buddies
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgpTqEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrm-oSDA	iStayHealthy banner ad - iStayHealthy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg5TqEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjsm-oSDA	MobilePDFViewer banner ad - MobilePDFViewer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8JvqEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSov4RDA	Banner Ad - Discover a Color
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8ZvqEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_rJESDA	Banner Ad - Hawaiian Words
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0aPqEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW2b4SDA	Full Screen Ad - Today's Horoscope by Kelli Fox
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1KPqEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSl-4SDA	Banner Ad 7 - bbc tablet apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpbPqEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjyku0SDA	CNBC banner ad - CNBC
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjLvqEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjI8uISDA	Leaderboard iPad - Brick Buddies
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkrvqEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjzekSDA	Chess.com banner ad - Chess.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlLvqEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU0-8SDA	Magic Tricks banner ad - Magic Tricks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwdLqEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_jd8SDA	Navaho Banner Ad - Trucking JOBS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrtrqEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFhe8SDA	Color Themes for Facebook banner ad - Color Themes for Facebook
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYluLqEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSl-4SDA	Banner Ad 12 - bbc tablet apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl-LqEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSl-4SDA	Banner Ad 14 - bbc tablet apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgOrqEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE7dQSDA	Banner Ad 16 - FOXNews.com entertainment
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYherqEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSl-4SDA	Banner Ad 17 - bbc tablet apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4vHqEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC1dcSDA	Interstitial Game Over - Foreplay
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz_nqEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSteQSDA	Banner Ad 17 - bbc tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnYnrEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC1dcSDA	Game Banner Ad 2 - Foreplay
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoYnrEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijtukSDA	Amazon android mobile app banner ad - Amazon android mobile app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpInrEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSl-4SDA	Banner Ad 3 - bbc tablet apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY65jrEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE7dQSDA	Banner Ad 12 - FOXNews.com entertainment
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2KDrEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC1dcSDA	Main Banner Ad 2 - Foreplay
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYprDrEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj63e4SDA	Paper Glider banner ad - Neon Play - Paper Glider
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjbjrEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSl-4SDA	Banner Ad 4 - bbc tablet apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-L_rEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTwJUSDA	Banner Ad - Hawaiian Names
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_7_rEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjP_-gSDA	AOKCLT_AMAZON_MENU - AOKCLT_AMAZON
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw8_rEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjGqY0SDA	Banner Ad - Animal Translate Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq9frEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE7dQSDA	Banner Ad 10 - FOXNews.com entertainment
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrdfrEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiiiesSDA	Narde banner ad - Narde
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlN_rEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk9-gSDA	oxy banner ad - oxy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlt_rEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjynukSDA	Paper PetsTM Jewel Farm banner ad - Paper PetsTM Jewel Farm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_ubrEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit0e0SDA	www.lanacion.com.ar/m1/ banner ad - www.lanacion.com.ar/m1/
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt_7rEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjgpukSDA	AddMe banner ad - AddMe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuf7rEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjGzOwSDA	Paper Glider banner ad - Paper Glider
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnobsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQu-oSDA	Banner Ad - Skyrim Pro Guide
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpIbsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSl-4SDA	bbc tablet apple banner ad 1 - bbc tablet apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgo7sEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBye0SDA	StarRaider Banner Ad - StarRaider
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYho7sEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1-9ISDA	Banner Ad - Interest Rate
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7JXsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSteQSDA	Banner Ad 15 - bbc tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7ZXsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjsjO8SDA	AOKCLT_GOOGLE_MENU - AOKCLT_GOOGLE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjrXsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSteQSDA	Banner Ad 11 - bbc tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkLXsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQ-eoSDA	IIR Timetable banner ad - IIR Timetable
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9rzsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm6-wSDA	15,000+ FREE Easy Chef Recipes JMT Apps banner ad - 15,000+ FREE Easy Chef Recipes JMT Apps
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2sTsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZxOwSDA	Movies From TeluguOne banner ad - Movies From TeluguOne
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx8zsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjk4u8SDA	Neon Cube Live Wallpaper Free banner ad - Neon Cube Live Wallpaper Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyMzsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5-O0SDA	4NR iPhone Banner - 4 in a Row ONLINE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrtTsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjynukSDA	Banner House - iPad - Paper PetsTM Jewel Farm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5-vsEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSl-4SDA	Banner Ad 16 - bbc tablet apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgovtEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBi-0SDA	Change button text banner ad - Change button text
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiIvtEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib3-sSDA	FREE Funny Jokes banner ad - FREE Funny Jokes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiovtEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBic3-sSDA	Bubbles Arbiter banner ad - Bubbles Arbiter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7JLtEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC1dcSDA	Activity Edit 2 - Foreplay
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8ZLtEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjynukSDA	Interstitial House - iPad - Paper PetsTM Jewel Farm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp6rtEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSteQSDA	Banner Ad 14 - bbc tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxcntEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE7dQSDA	Banner Ad 12 - FOXNews.com entertainment
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq9HtEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiH8OgSDA	Cabsense banner ad - Cabsense
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5OjtEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSl-4SDA	Banner Ad 6 - bbc tablet apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsfjtEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0_usSDA	The Magic of Utilities banner ad - The Magic of Utilities
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs_jtEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidhuwSDA	Android Timeline banner ad - Android Timeline
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtvjtEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE7dQSDA	Banner Ad 17 - FOXNews.com entertainment
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmoDuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSl-4SDA	Banner Ad 5 - bbc tablet apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgYjuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZgO4SDA	The Magic of Utilities banner ad - The Magic of Utilities
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgojuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSteQSDA	Banner Ad 8 - bbc tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu5_uEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE7dQSDA	Banner Ad 13 - FOXNews.com entertainment
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2b7uEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjynukSDA	Banner House - iPhone - Paper PetsTM Jewel Farm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYktbuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSl-4SDA	Banner Ad 9 - bbc tablet apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4eXuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC1dcSDA	Interstitial 2 - Foreplay
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs_XuEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCgvASDA	CameraX banner ad - CameraX
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6YzvEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjwku0SDA	wfr banner ad - wfr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY64zvEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijtukSDA	Banner Ad - Amazon android mobile app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoaTvEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjyku0SDA	Banner Ad - CNBC
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpKTvEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSl-4SDA	Banner Ad 10 - bbc tablet apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8bPvEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE7dQSDA	Banner Ad 8 - FOXNews.com entertainment
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwsPvEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSl-4SDA	Banner Ad 11 - bbc tablet apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqcvvEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSteQSDA	Banner Ad 10 - bbc tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkdPvEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSteQSDA	Banner Ad 13 - bbc tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-drvEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjsmOsSDA	Jump N Roll HD Main Screen - Jump N Roll HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4-LvEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSl-4SDA	Banner Ad 15 - bbc tablet apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzervEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBn-kSDA	20,000+ FREE Famous Quotes banner ad - 20,000+ FREE Famous Quotes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsfLvEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJ6u8SDA	ViDEO CLiPS  -  iMovie ready clips library banner ad - ViDEO CLiPS  -  iMovie ready clips library
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxcDwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib6_QSDA	Breed - description - Rodents
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6MDwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZ5PESDA	Stardunk 320x480 - Stardunk
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8cDwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCgfMSDA	menu adunit 320x50 - Zombie Sprint
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_cDwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix0eASDA	Banner Ad 17 - zaman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq8jwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjatfESDA	Breed - Dogs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrcjwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzqvISDA	Breed game - game view - Rabbits
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr8jwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiD8PUSDA	ex2 banner ad - ex2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsMjwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp9PYSDA	Famous Qoutes Free banner ad - Famous Qoutes Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtMjwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi23fYSDA	~ Astrogator ~ Horoscopes banner ad - ~ Astrogator ~ Horoscopes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu8jwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBititYSDA	216x54xWebApp_KOSMO banner ad - webappKOSMO
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvMjwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMxtQSDA	BoyAhoy Dev 728x90 - BoyAhoy Dev iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxcjwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCgfMSDA	iPad endgame adunit 728x90 - Zombie Sprint
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYysjwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijl_YSDA	Banner Ad 15 - HURRIYET IOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy8jwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikg_oSDA	Gangari banner ad - Gangari
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYodDwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjP_-gSDA	AOKCLT_AMAZON_INTER - AOKCLT_AMAZON
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYptDwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjU5PESDA	Penguin Wings banner ad - Penguin Wings
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrNDwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSxbASDA	Interstitial Ad - iOS Smartphone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrtDwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZnfkSDA	Android MedRect - Dice with Buddies Free Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtNDwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPt_MSDA	Screen Skins Lite Edition banner ad - Screen Skins Lite Edition
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwNDwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCivUSDA	MacCiti App 300x250 - MacCiti
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy9DwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX-uISDA	Banner Ad - Liverpool FC
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzNDwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix0eASDA	Banner Ad 11 - zaman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgNjwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5-O0SDA	4NR iPad Banner - 4 in a Row ONLINE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYltjwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFmPMSDA	C-TY Nurnberg banner ad - C-TY Nurnberg
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmtjwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiY-fISDA	iPad - Easter Egg Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm9jwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib-fISDA	Slyon Street Tuner iPhone - Slyon Street Tuner
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoNjwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQh_YSDA	BR Now banner Android - BR Now
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYotjwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijl_YSDA	Banner Ad 14 - HURRIYET IOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5d_wEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjP_-gSDA	AOKCLT_AMAZON_PAUSE - AOKCLT_AMAZON
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY59_wEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBic5fYSDA	FastFood banner ad - FastFood - Top Restaurant finder app
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY69_wEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5jPcSDA	Banner Ad 16 - huffpost apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9t_wEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijl_YSDA	Banner Ad 16 - HURRIYET IOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY99_wEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI5_gSDA	Banner Ad 17 - posta ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzOfwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFsfUSDA	Video Stitial - Test Application
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0ufwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijl_YSDA	Banner Ad 8 - HURRIYET IOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt-_wEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjP_-gSDA	AOKCLT_AMAZON_MODE - AOKCLT_AMAZON
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy-_wEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZ5PESDA	Stardunk 300x250 - Stardunk
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1-_wEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqhvkSDA	WordHero banner ad - WordHero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2e_wEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI5_gSDA	Banner Ad 10 - posta ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2-_wEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjiuPgSDA	Banner Ad (iPad 300x250) - Main Apps
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnPfwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiy7_ASDA	qualquer coisa banner ad - qualquer coisa
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrvfwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG4PUSDA	Paddle Bounce(fix attemp) banner ad - Paddle Bounce(fix attemp)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt_fwEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5iPMSDA	Weapons BB Leaderboard - Weapons BB
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6obxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzqvISDA	Who's cutest - cutest - Rabbits
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-obxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKufUSDA	Stock Quotes banner ad - Stock Quotes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0o7xEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix4_QSDA	Breed game - scorecard - Cats
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY047xEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjsjO8SDA	AOKCLT_GOOGLE_RESULTS - AOKCLT_GOOGLE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2I7xEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiP2KISDA	Skout 728x90 - Skout Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5o7xEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5l_ESDA	Dress up Princess banner ad - Dress up Princess
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvpbxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjatfESDA	Breed game - game view - Dogs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwZbxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiV0PASDA	qualquer coisa banner ad - qualquer coisa
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzpbxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNlvESDA	Breakout Boost Phone Interstitial  - Breakout Boost
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz5bxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFsfUSDA	Fragger Stitial - Test Application
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4JbxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUuPgSDA	iPhone MedRect - Dice With Buddies Free iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5JbxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9_KkQDA	Custom Event Interstitial - Nat Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8pbxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip0PASDA	fox news apple banner ad 1 - fox news apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-ZbxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj52fISDA	Postcards creator banner ad - Postcards creator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkZfxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC5_gSDA	C-TY Augsburg banner ad - C-TY Augsburg
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm5fxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi2xfESDA	MobileBoy banner ad - MobileBoy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqZfxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijl_YSDA	Banner Ad 11 - HURRIYET IOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq5fxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI5_gSDA	posta ios banner ad 1 - posta ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt5fxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix0eASDA	Banner Ad 14 - zaman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuJfxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYzPQSDA	posta android banner ad 1 - posta android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9K3xEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix4_QSDA	Breed game - level selector - Cats
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkK7xEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip0PASDA	Banner Ad 4 - fox news apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp67xEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi90PASDA	Lafayette Now banner ad - Lafayette Now
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwb3xEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZtfESDA	N Magazine banner ad (android) - N Magazine
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxL3xEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib6_QSDA	Breed game - level selector - Rodents
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0r3xEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjGkPMSDA	Spor Haberleri banner ad - Spor Haberleri
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1L3xEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJkPMSDA	BrainBrawl phone fullscreen ad - BrainBrawl
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqsXxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisyPASDA	Breed game - game view - Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuMXxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiol_ESDA	Adsense 300x250 - MacCiti.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoM3xEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijl_YSDA	Banner Ad 14 - HURRIYET IOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoc3xEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-1_gSDA	Interstitial banner ad - Interstitial
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYos3xEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI5_gSDA	Banner Ad 2 - posta ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-dTxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRzfESDA	Howling Mouse banner ad - Howling Mouse
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgdXxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip0PASDA	Banner Ad 3 - fox news apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg9XxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZ5PESDA	Stardunk 320x50 - Stardunk
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4tzxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA8-cSDA	Banner Ad - Birthday Widget
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5tzxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKtPQSDA	Monstermove Android banner ad - Monstermove Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY69zxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjciPMSDA	Talent Twitter Ranking banner ad - Talent Twitter Ranking
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8dzxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjiPMSDA	Postcards creator banner ad - Postcards creator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9dzxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXl_YSDA	iPad - Pirate Dots!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_tzxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj19PYSDA	DealsAppios 300x250 - DealsAppiOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy-TxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU0PASDA	Default - Terrarium Animals
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzOTxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzqvISDA	Breed game - level selector - Rabbits
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1uTxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip0PASDA	Banner Ad 13 - fox news apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4uTxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijl_YSDA	Banner Ad 6 - HURRIYET IOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5OTxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH3fYSDA	Interstitial banner ad - Interstitial
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvOzxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDqPgSDA	Test Full Screen banner ad - Test Full Screen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvuzxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip0PASDA	Banner Ad 17 - fox news apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzuzxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCgfMSDA	endgame adunit 320x50 - Zombie Sprint
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0-zxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE6fISDA	Banner Ad 4 - zaman apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1-zxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifzfESDA	Sportappz banner ad - Sportappz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2uzxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBovoSDA	Around Sound banner ad - Around Sound
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjPzxEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjszfYSDA	C-TY FrankfurtamMain banner ad - C-TY FrankfurtamMain
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7IPyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib6_QSDA	Default - Rodents
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7YPyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhzfYSDA	qualquer coisa banner ad - qualquer coisa
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7oPyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjsjO8SDA	AOKCLT_GOOGLE_MODE - AOKCLT_GOOGLE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9oPyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik6_QSDA	tehos banner ad - tehos
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-IPyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjAw9USDA	Flurv Dev 728x90 - Flurv Dev iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi4TyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE6fISDA	Banner Ad 6 - zaman apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjYTyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixlfQSDA	AdsTesting banner ad - AdsTesting
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjoTyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijl_YSDA	Banner Ad 4 - HURRIYET IOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0ovyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqg_ISDA	alarm clock banner ad - alarm clock
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7YvyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE6fISDA	Banner Ad 2 - zaman apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7ovyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE6fISDA	Banner Ad 11 - zaman apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8YvyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijl_YSDA	Banner Ad 12 - HURRIYET IOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv5PyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix4_QSDA	Who's cutest - Cats
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY15PyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwsPgSDA	Pink Moose Game banner ad - Pink Moose Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjaPyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisyPASDA	Breed game - level selector - Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjqPyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjClvESDA	qualquer coisa banner ad - qualquer coisa
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmKPyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRt-YRDA	Daylight World Map Leaderboard Ad - Daylight World Map
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9qryEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjwgPMSDA	Banner Ad - Paws
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3bLyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjl0_QSDA	Example banner ad - Example
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxLryEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisyPASDA	Who's cutest - cutest - Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq8LyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7lvESDA	EES Media Hispanic and African American banner ad - EES Media Hispanic and African American
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsMLyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisyPASDA	Breed - description - Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs8LyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwpdISDA	Last, 50% - Food Fight
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwsLyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiDzPQSDA	Beaver's Revenge Full Screen Tablet - Beaver's RevengeTM
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyMLyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjslvESDA	banner_ad - Photosight Gallery
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy8LyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi56fISDA	Com2uS - 9Innings Free banner ad 320x50 - Com2uS - 9Innings Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzcLyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6v_gSDA	Neon Play - Jumbled banner ad 320x50 - Neon Play - Jumbled
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0MLyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5jPcSDA	Banner Ad 17 - huffpost apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3MLyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE6fISDA	zaman apple banner ad 1 - zaman apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3cLyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqhvkSDA	WordHero Tablet - WordHero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY38LyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI5_gSDA	Banner Ad 14 - posta ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4MLyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI5_gSDA	Banner Ad 18 - posta ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl8ryEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjs0_QSDA	MyPad 320x50 - MyPad for Facebook & Twitter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpsryEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNlvESDA	Leaderboard - Breakout Boost
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-9HyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix6fISDA	EES Media Busness, Finance and C-Level banner ad - EES Media Busness, Finance and C-Level
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_dHyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib6_QSDA	Breed game - game view - Rodents
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_tHyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzqvISDA	Pet - picture - Rabbits
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg9LyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiGxdISDA	Skout Dev 728x90 - Skout Dev iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhtLyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1lvESDA	CItyApp banner ad - CItyApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8dnyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyvPQSDA	iPad Leaderboard - Dice With Buddies Free iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9tnyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip0PASDA	Banner Ad 6 - fox news apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY99nyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip0PASDA	Banner Ad 14 - fox news apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhdryEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifl_YSDA	Pokedex banner ad - Pokedex
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiNryEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE6fISDA	Banner Ad 14 - zaman apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYitryEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijl_YSDA	HURRIYET IOS banner ad - HURRIYET IOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjtryEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK5_gSDA	A_HB3D Free_300X250 - A_HB3D Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj9ryEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK5_gSDA	A_HB3D Free_320X50 - A_HB3D Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyuHyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjatfESDA	Who's cutest - Dogs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy-HyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzqvISDA	Breed - description - Rabbits
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt-nyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-wvISDA	zone diet calculator blocks - ios banner ad - zone diet calculator blocks - ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwenyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiL0vISDA	iOS Interstitial smartphone ad - iOs Interstitial smartphone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnPHyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjatfESDA	Default - Dogs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrfHyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5iPMSDA	Weapons BB IAB Leaderboard - Weapons BB
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr_HyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizsPgSDA	AndroidFullScreen - DealsApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsPHyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBju0PUSDA	Sportappz banner ad - Sportappz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsfHyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI5_gSDA	Banner Ad 8 - posta ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgfnyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ8fISDA	EES Media Technology and IT banner ad - EES Media Technology and IT
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhPnyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisyPASDA	Breed - Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh_nyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirmPMSDA	iPad - Pirate Sticker Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYifnyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihp_QQDA	MRAID Banner - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkvnyEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj19PYSDA	DealsAppiOS 320x50 - DealsAppiOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7oDzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix4_QSDA	My Account - Cats
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-4DzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjisvISDA	Love Quotes banner ad - Love Quotes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhYHzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicjvkSDA	Mobile Now banner ad - Mobile Now
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiIHzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixyvISDA	com.marlasca.puzzlemikandi banner ad - com.marlasca.puzzlemikandi
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY04jzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBji1vMSDA	Default - Horses
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5YjzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz1vMSDA	Mobile Ad Stats banner ad - Mobile Ad Stats
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY54jzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5jPcSDA	Banner Ad 11 - huffpost apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9YjzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiY-fISDA	iPhone - Easter Egg Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoZjzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5kPMSDA	EES Media Female and Moms banner ad - EES Media Female and Moms
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo5jzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjatfESDA	Breeds - Dogs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYppjzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi7kPMSDA	Kakoon - Social Buzz Android Banner Ad - Kakoon - Social Buzz - Deprecated
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqJjzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjl0_QSDA	Banner in settings - Example
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwpjzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidxPQSDA	Family Costs Calculator banner ad - Family Costs Calculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0ZjzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI5_gSDA	Banner Ad 6 - posta ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlaDzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip0PASDA	Banner Ad 7 - fox news apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlqDzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip0PASDA	Banner Ad 8 - fox news apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8afzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJoPMSDA	Easy Mp3 Cutter banner ad - Easy Mp3 Cutter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9KfzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi03fYSDA	Eurosport banner ad - Eurosport
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9qfzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFsfUSDA	Video Banner - Test Application
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_6fzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiz0PASDA	SMS Search Plus banner ad - SMS Search Plus
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhKjzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE6fISDA	Banner Ad 16 - zaman apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhajzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijwfUSDA	Phone Banner Ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2q_zEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisyPASDA	My Account - Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmMfzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBz_MSDA	Android native banner ad - Android native
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmcfzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyvPQSDA	iPad MedRect - Dice With Buddies Free iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgs_zEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjU65ESDA	IDG Tech Network - 300x250 - IDG Tech Network
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY49bzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix4_QSDA	Breed - description - Cats
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5NbzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzqvISDA	Breed - Rabbits
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6tbzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUuPgSDA	iPhone Banner - Dice With Buddies Free iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY69bzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBin6dgSDA	Flurv 728x90 - Flurv iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY79bzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiO2PASDA	gototop.mywibes.com banner ad - gototop.mywibes.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyt7zEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib6_QSDA	Pet - picture - Rodents
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsubzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix4_QSDA	Who's cutest - cutest - Cats
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtObzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjN3vMSDA	Breakout Boost banner ad - Breakout Boost
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmu7zEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjatfESDA	Breed game - scorecard - Dogs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoe7zEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyv9QSDA	iOS iPad - Wallpapers HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYou7zEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfpvYSDA	Medium Ad - Hungry Duck
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp-7zEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCgfMSDA	iPad menu adunit 728x90 - Zombie Sprint
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqu7zEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE6fISDA	Banner Ad 9 - zaman apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYre7zEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijwfUSDA	Leaderboard Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk_bzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijl_YSDA	Banner Ad 9 - HURRIYET IOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlvbzEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiml_YSDA	300x250 - Test iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6_3zEgw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjP_-gSDA	AOKCLT_AMAZON_RESULTS - AOKCLT_AMAZON
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1oX0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiihtISDA	Interstitial - MonsterMove Iphone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY14X0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB2PASDA	Android Interstitial ad 300x250 - Monstermove Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2YX0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip0PASDA	Banner Ad 11 - fox news apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3IX0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj38kSDA	Banner Ad Leaderboard For test - Application made for tests
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvY30Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiy1_gSDA	Paraplanitikos banner ad - Paraplanitikos
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzY30Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW7PESDA	Sportappz banner ad - Sportappz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzo30Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI5_gSDA	Banner Ad 4 - posta ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpZX0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4wvISDA	~ Astrogator ~ banner ad - ~ Astrogator ~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj530Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBia1coSDA	i_PF VS Free_728X90 - i_Puzzle Family VS Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkJ30Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip0PASDA	Banner Ad 9 - fox news apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk530Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5jPcSDA	Banner Ad 5 - huffpost apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8qT0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix4_QSDA	Default - Cats
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9KT0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix4_QSDA	Breeds - Cats
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgKX0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix0eASDA	Banner Ad 9 - zaman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2qz0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix4_QSDA	Breed - Cats
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY26z0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib6_QSDA	Breed game - scorecard - Rodents
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw7T0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjatfESDA	Unnecessary unit - Dogs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0bT0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiO2KISDA	Skout 728x90 - Skout iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3LT0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbtPQSDA	Neon Play - Pro Baseball Catcher Hero - banner ad - 320x50 - Neon Play - Pro Baseball Catcher Hero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4LT0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZnfkSDA	Android Banner - Dice with Buddies Free Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7bT0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjS4PUSDA	sfdd banner ad - sfdd
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8rT0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhnfkSDA	sms and call forward banner ad - sms and call forward
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk8T0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_kPMSDA	Penguin Patrol banner ad - Penguin Patrol
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYocT0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjiuPgSDA	Banner Ad (iPhone 728x90) - Main Apps
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYicz0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjY_PYSDA	C-TY Furth banner ad - C-TY Furth
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5NP0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzqvISDA	Default - Rabbits
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6dP0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZmvUSDA	VuHunt banner ad - VuHunt
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9tP0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjU2PUSDA	Fragger vertical banner - Fragger vertical banner Android Market
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgdT0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE6fISDA	Banner Ad 10 - zaman apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhNT0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW2PUSDA	Sportappz banner ad - Sportappz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhdT0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI5_gSDA	Banner Ad 9 - posta ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi9T0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLgfMSDA	Doodle Fire banner ad - Doodle Fire
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjdT0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdhecSDA	Banner Ad 18 - hurriyet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1dv0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI5_gSDA	Banner Ad 11 - posta ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtuP0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjK2_QSDA	astrogator banner ad - astrogator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwuP0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxlOISDA	Egg Plop Millennial Prestitial - Egg Plop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzOP0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjR2_QSDA	Holes in the Net banner ad - Holes in the Net
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1OP0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisnvESDA	Happy Rainbow (Coin Pitch) banner ad (iOS1) - Happy Rainbow (Coin Pitch)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmuv0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjatfESDA	Breed game - level selector - Dogs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnOv0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzqvISDA	Breeds - Rabbits
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqev0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9g_ISDA	Robot Troopers banner ad - 320x50 iPhone - Robot Troopers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYquv0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjU3vMSDA	GirlFart CoverActivity - GirlFart
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuOv0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjY9vgSDA	Record My Call banner ad - Record My Call
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu-v0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix0eASDA	Banner Ad 16 - zaman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjfP0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj53_ASDA	lalsadadadkjewuuiwuiwiuew.mobi banner ad - lalsadadadkjewuuiwuiwiuew.mobi
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6fr0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjatfESDA	Who's cutest - cutest - Dogs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-Pr0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdhecSDA	Banner Ad 12 - hurriyet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-fr0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdhecSDA	Banner Ad 13 - hurriyet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-vr0Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdhecSDA	Banner Ad 16 - hurriyet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0YL1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjatfESDA	Pet - picture - Dogs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2YL1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqsPgSDA	Transparent Screen banner ad - Transparent Screen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3YL1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjktPQSDA	iPhone - Pirate Memory Match!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3oL1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizsPgSDA	Banner 300x50 - DealsApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6IL1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinl_ESDA	Mobile Now banner Android - Mobile Now
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6oL1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj2tPQSDA	FinalCalc banner ad - FinalCalc
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7IL1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiml_YSDA	Fullscreen - Test iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuYr1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjatfESDA	Breed - description - Dogs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoZL1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjatfESDA	My Account - Dogs
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpZL1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipltcSDA	Full Page Ad - Urban Gossip FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYppL1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi26fISDA	~ Astrogator ~ banner ad - ~ Astrogator ~
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq5L1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqsPgSDA	Banner Ad - Transparent Screen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsJL1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5jPcSDA	Banner Ad 9 - huffpost apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs5L1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_6fISDA	C-TY Koln banner ad - C-TY Koln
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt5L1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiYl_ESDA	Screen Skins Lite iPad banner ad - Screen Skins Lite iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYupL1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix0eASDA	Banner Ad 8 - zaman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjJr1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib6_QSDA	Breed - Rodents
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjZr1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzqvISDA	Breed game - scorecard - Rabbits
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj5r1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBif6PUSDA	WeightGURUS banner ad - WeightGURUS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkZr1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirxfESDA	Android Networks banner ad - Android Networks
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlZr1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirmPMSDA	iPhone - Pirate Sticker Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY86H1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib6_QSDA	Who's cutest - cutest - Rodents
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9qH1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUuPgSDA	iPad Leaderboard - Dice With Buddies Free iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY96H1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiepNUSDA	BoyAhoy 728x90 - BoyAhoy iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_KH1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLvfESDA	SimpleTimer banner ad - SimpleTimer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh6L1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix0eASDA	Banner Ad 15 - zaman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY36n1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjsjO8SDA	AOKCLT_GOOGLE_INTER - AOKCLT_GOOGLE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6an1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_mPMSDA	gototop.mywibes.com banner ad - gototop.mywibes.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8Kn1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvqfUSDA	How I Met Your Mother Quotes banner ad - How I Met Your Mother Quotes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9qn1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE6fISDA	Banner Ad 7 - zaman apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY96n1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiil_ESDA	BR Now banner ad - BR Now
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgqr1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdhecSDA	Banner Ad 15 - hurriyet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwrH1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBsfUSDA	Kakoon - Social Buzz Android Banner Ad - Kakoon - Social Buzz - Deprecated
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxLH1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNlvESDA	Breakout Boost Tablet Interstitial - Breakout Boost
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzLH1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfpvYSDA	Banner Ad - Hungry Duck
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzbH1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip0PASDA	Banner Ad 15 - fox news apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzrH1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfwPASDA	ConnectingDots banner ad - ConnectingDots
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt7n1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjt-vQSDA	Miniclip - Fragger GetJar in-game banner ad 320x50 - Miniclip - Fragger GetJar
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuLn1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip0PASDA	Banner Ad 12 - fox news apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYubn1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj42fISDA	Alcohol Game banner ad - Alcohol Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvrn1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW2b4SDA	Backfill AdSense - Today's Horoscope by Kelli Fox
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwbn1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjD4_QSDA	C-TY Erlangen banner ad - C-TY Erlangen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyLn1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJrbASDA	Interstitial Ad - Android Smartphone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0bn1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQufUSDA	FlashDroids Lite Home Screen Ad - FlashDroids Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY07n1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBvfkSDA	Banner - Tortoise and the Hare
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1bn1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi08fISDA	300x250 - Test Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-8j1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiz4_QSDA	AutoBall Football banner ad - AutoBall Football
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6dD1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjktPQSDA	iPad - Pirate Memory Match!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY79D1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI5_gSDA	Banner Ad 3 - posta ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzNj1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib6_QSDA	Who's cutest - Rodents
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0dj1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip0PASDA	Banner Ad 2 - fox news apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY19j1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijl_YSDA	Banner Ad 13 - HURRIYET IOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtOD1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib6_QSDA	My Account - Rodents
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1eD1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE6fISDA	Banner Ad 12 - zaman apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1uD1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiD1PQSDA	Lafayette Now banner ad - Lafayette Now Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2OD1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijl_YSDA	Banner Ad 7 - HURRIYET IOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2eD1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI5_gSDA	Banner Ad 7 - posta ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnOj1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzqvISDA	My Account - Rabbits
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoej1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjsjO8SDA	AOKCLT_GOOGLE_PAUSE - AOKCLT_GOOGLE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs-j1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQ5_ASDA	AdMob Viewer banner ad - OriginalKeyboard
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuOj1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ8PUSDA	i_Com2us Pocker_728X90 - i_Com2us Pocker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgfD1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisyPASDA	Default - Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjvD1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjyxPkSDA	egging banner ad - egging
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3__1Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip0PASDA	Banner Ad 16 - fox news apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw4f2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5jPcSDA	Banner Ad 6 - huffpost apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxIf2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5jPcSDA	Banner Ad 10 - huffpost apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy4f2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUtfkSDA	 banner ad -       
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoY_2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisyPASDA	Breed game - scorecard - Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoo_2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj71PESDA	Mega Tic Tac Toe banner ad - MEGA Tic Tac Toe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiZf2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisyPASDA	Breeds - Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlZf2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip0PASDA	Banner Ad 10 - fox news apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm5f2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxqfUSDA	Test App banner ad - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnJf2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifrvESDA	Thai Weather Classic banner ad - Thai Weather Classic
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoJf2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjmoPgSDA	Peek Banner Ad - Peek
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpJf2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijl_YSDA	Banner Ad 10 - HURRIYET IOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8Z72Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisyPASDA	Pet - picture - Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9J72Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFsfUSDA	Fragger Banner - Test Application
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_572Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5jPcSDA	huffpost apple banner ad - huffpost apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhp_2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdhecSDA	Banner Ad 14 - hurriyet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2ab2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisyPASDA	Who's cutest - Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2qb2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzqvISDA	Who's cutest - Rabbits
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsbb2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitnvESDA	A_HB3D Free_JP_300X250 - A_HB3D Free_JP
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkb72Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix4_QSDA	Breed game - game view - Cats
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkr72Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix4_QSDA	Pet - picture - Cats
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk772Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBib6_QSDA	Breeds - Rodents
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmb72Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUuPgSDA	iPad MedRect - Dice With Buddies Free iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYob72Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXl_YSDA	iPhone - Pirate Dots!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqL72Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijl_YSDA	Banner Ad 3 - HURRIYET IOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8s32Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix0eASDA	Banner Ad 10 - zaman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxt32Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJyPASDA	Jackson Now banner Android - Jackson Now
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYie32Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi97PESDA	Horoscopes banner 320x50 Bottom - Horoscopes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlO32Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitnvESDA	A_HB3D Free_JP_320X50 - A_HB3D Free_JP
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7PT2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip0PASDA	Banner Ad 5 - fox news apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1Pz2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5jPcSDA	Banner Ad 2 - huffpost apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3fz2Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU_PESDA	Jackson Now banner ad - Jackson Now
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuoT3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjs0_QSDA	MyPad 320x480 - MyPad for Facebook & Twitter
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu4T3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-rfESDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyIT3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjiuPgSDA	Banner Ad (iPad 728x90) - Main Apps
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpoz3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUuPgSDA	iPhone FullScreen - Dice With Buddies Free iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsoz3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjh__USDA	Ringy 320x50 - Ringy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYipT3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxl9QSDA	Millenial Prestitial Ad - Coffee Cafe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm5T3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiml_YSDA	320x50 - Test iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9Jv3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbl_sSDA	Miniclip - Monster Island banner ad 320x50 - Miniclip - Monster Island
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3aP3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMhfwSDA	Solitaire Android Tablet - Menu Banner Ad - Solitaire Android Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_6P3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBid6foSDA	TestApp banner ad - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjaT3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6foSDA	ireuters ios banner ad 1 - ireuters ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjqT3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6foSDA	Banner Ad 8 - ireuters ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrLP3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj01vMSDA	Miniclip - Pocket Sailor Landscape Interstitial Ad 480x320 - Miniclip - Pocket Sailor
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtLP3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj3vvsSDA	Spin2Win fullscreen ad - Spin2Win
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw7P3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3xdcSDA	Banner Ad - Fruit Blitz Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxLP3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjlucYSDA	TNR - 728x90 - TNR
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY27P3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAiv0SDA	Com2uS - Third Blade Free Interstitial 480x320 - Com2uS - Third Blade Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3LP3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiumPsSDA	Snack Attack FREE banner ad - Snack Attack FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3bP3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMqf0SDA	Com2uS - i_Magic Tree Interstitial 300x250 - Com2uS - i_Magic Tree
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3rP3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8pPwSDA	Fluik - Office Jerk Interstitial 320x480 - Fluik - Office Jerk 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5LP3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjXw_cSDA	Moxy Games - Pimple Popper Lite banner ad 320x50 - Moxy Games - Pimple Popper Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5bP3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMj_4SDA	Crowdstar - Happy Peeps: Tower Town - Inventory - banner ad 320x50 -  - Crowdstar - Happy Peeps: Tower Town
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlLv3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTu_cSDA	Solitaire Android Phone - Menu Banner Ad  - Solitaire Android Phone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlrv3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitof0SDA	London Colours banner ad - London Colours
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnrv3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4of0SDA	Whiteboard 5 banner ad - Whiteboard 5
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtrv3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjw1vsSDA	MyAccount - Nex-Tech Classifieds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt7v3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjfs_cSDA	Test Game Android banner ad - Test Game Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYubv3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigqf0SDA	Banner Ad 2 - IMAIL
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu7v3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjM0P0SDA	Android Hard Rock Player banner ad - Android Hard Rock Player
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-8L3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDnPwSDA	Miniclip - Gravity Guy Vertical banner ad 320x50 - Miniclip - Gravity Guy Android 1.5.2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgcP3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpl_sSDA	Neon Play - Pro Football Touchdown Hero banner ad 320x50 - Neon Play - Pro Football Touchdown Hero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYicP3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBir1vsSDA	SSapps_TD Free_300X250 - SSapps_Tower Defence Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtMP3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCkPsSDA	Full-screen ad - Vertex Blaster
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxMP3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHxf4SDA	Banner Ad 14 - Milliyet Applr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzsP3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ1_sSDA	Caynax Eskimo Battery banner ad - Caynax Eskimo Battery
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2cP3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj08vwSDA	Moxy Games - Pimple Popper Seasons Interstitial 320x480 - Moxy Games - Pimple Popper Seasons
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY38P3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm5vsSDA	First Interstitial - JUMPimals!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4cP3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSyZ8SDA	News Republic Corporate Leaderboard iOS - News Republic iPhone Corporate
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4cr3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5wvcSDA	Healthful Hypnosis banner ad - Healthful Hypnosis
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzdL3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjM0vcSDA	Ninjump Banner Ad - NinJump
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6NL3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjn0vcSDA	Gong Banner - Gong
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYutr3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiaiPsSDA	TicTacToe! banner ad - TicTacToe!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY79r3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbzvsSDA	Com2uS - Slice It! Begins banner ad 320x50 - Com2uS - Slice It! Begins
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8tr3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiex_sSDA	egging banner ad networks iPad - egging
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9Nr3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUrv4SDA	Cayanx Awesome Battery banner ad - Cayanx Awesome Battery
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY99r3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix9P4SDA	Moxy Games - Pimple Popper Seasons Interstitial 320x480 - Moxy Games - Pimple Popper Seasons
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-Nr3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMj_4SDA	Crowdstar - Happy Peeps: Tower Town - Game Launch - Interstitial  300x250 - Crowdstar - Happy Peeps: Tower Town
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-9r3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_g_8SDA	Baldify Intersticial - 2nd Launch - Baldify
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmuL3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjr6PoSDA	LiveClipsWap banner ad - LiveClipsWap
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnuL3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjt8fcSDA	Angry Birds Free banner ad - Angry Birds Rio Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo-L3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijldQDDA	Frontend Test - Hello,Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpeL3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiM6vcSDA	NomNomFace banner ad (320x50) - NomNomFace
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYreL3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjI-PoSDA	Neon Play - Paper Glider Crazy Copter 3D Tablet banner ad 320x50 - Neon Play - Paper Glider Crazy Copter 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr-L3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj37fsSDA	Neon Play - Santa vs Elves banner ad 320x50 - Neon Play - Santa vs Elves
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0eL3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicsf0SDA	iOS: Puzzles iPhone banner ad - iOS: Puzzles iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2OL3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjwjv4SDA	iPhone - Easter Sticker Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6uL3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjPnv4SDA	Mobile Ad Stats (ipad) banner ad - Mobile Ad Stats (ipad)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8OL3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIkPsSDA	fashionbuyer banner ad - fashionbuyer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8eL3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihjfwSDA	Fluik - Office Jerk Holiday Edition Interstitial 320x480 - Fluik - Office Jerk Holiday Edition
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9-L3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigqf0SDA	Banner Ad 15 - IMAIL
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY--L3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC4_wSDA	Crowdstar - Social Girl - mood Mini - Interstitial 480x320 - Crowdstar - Social Girl
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYger3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ4vcSDA	Healthful Hypnosis banner ad - Healthful Hypnosis
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhOr3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTu_cSDA	Solitaire Android Phone - StartUp Interstitial - Solitaire Android Phone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiOr3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBispPwSDA	Miniclip - Gravity Guy in-game banner ad 320x50 - Miniclip - Gravity Guy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYier3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirpPwSDA	Miniclip - Fragger Android Market menu banner ad 320x50 - Miniclip - Fragger Android Market
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiur3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi22vcSDA	Miniclip - Monkey Kick Off banner ad 320x50 - Miniclip - Monkey Kick Off
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkOr3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBij1vsSDA	Ludo Neo Fullscreen Iphone Ad - Ludo Neo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkur3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiG3vsSDA	Neon Play - Golf Putt Pro 3D Tablet Banner Ad 320x50 - Neon Play - Golf Putt Pro 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvOr3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7x5USDA	Social Girl - MoodMini - Full Screen Interstitial - Social Girl
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvur3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDzvsSDA	SSapps_MGP 5 UP_KR_300X250 - SSapps_MGP 5 UP_KR
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzer3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBio4_wSDA	4Shared Downloader banner ad (search) - 4Shared Downloader
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9fH3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBis4vcSDA	480x320 interstitial - La Scopa Pro - iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0fn3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB2PASDA	Monstermove Android banner ad - Monstermove Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2fn3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjY-fcSDA	Miniclip - Gravity Guy banner ad 320x50 - Miniclip - Gravity Guy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3Pn3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj01vMSDA	Miniclip - Pocket Sailor banner ad 320x50 - Miniclip - Pocket Sailor
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3fn3Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5jPcSDA	Banner Ad 4 - huffpost apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvIH4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjt_fMSDA	NAHCA CareForce banner ad - NAHCA CareForce
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-5j4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5jPcSDA	Banner Ad 8 - huffpost apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3aD4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUuPgSDA	iPad Fullscreen - Dice With Buddies Free iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY46D4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibrvESDA	Plopp banner ad - Plopp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsrD4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi3vPQSDA	Fragger menu banner ad Android Market - Fragger menu banner Android Market
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkrj4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihp_QQDA	MRAID Interstitial - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrrj4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjSsfUSDA	Test Ad - Test Application
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsbj4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjlwPASDA	Fragger low-res banner ad Android - Fragger low-res banner Android Market
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYubj4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5jPcSDA	Banner Ad 13 - huffpost apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv7j4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiNjvkSDA	SiDeKiK banner ad - SiDeKiK
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxbj4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9jPcSDA	ClassroomJerk top banner ad - Classroom Jerk
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy7j4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE6fISDA	Banner Ad 3 - zaman apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzLj4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE6fISDA	Banner Ad 13 - zaman apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzbj4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE6fISDA	Banner Ad 15 - zaman apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY07j4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC_vgSDA	Interstitial banner ad - Interstitial
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1bj4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI5_gSDA	Banner Ad 13 - posta ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1rj4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI5_gSDA	Banner Ad 14 - posta ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4Lj4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdhecSDA	Banner Ad 17 - hurriyet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4bj4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiO1PQSDA	Main Apps banner ad (iPhone) - Main Apps
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-b_4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKyo8SDA	Full Page - DEV - Heywire for iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_7_4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUwvISDA	C-TY Munchen banner ad - C-TY Munchen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgsD4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE6fISDA	Banner Ad 5 - zaman apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4cf4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyvPQSDA	iPad Fullscreen - Dice With Buddies Free iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6cf4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipp44RDA	News Republic Corporate Leaderboard Android - News Republic Android Corporate
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsdf4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi97PESDA	Horoscopes banner 320x50 Top - Horoscopes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYudf4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi41_gSDA	irock.com banner ad - irock.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu9f4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjXxN8SDA	InMobi Android - Slyon Street Tuner
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6u74Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5jPcSDA	Banner Ad 7 - huffpost apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1Pb4Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK7fYSDA	C-TY Amberg banner ad - C-TY Amberg
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwP74Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj19PYSDA	iOSFullPage - DealsAppiOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwf74Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijl_YSDA	Banner Ad 17 - HURRIYET IOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYio75Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5jPcSDA	Banner Ad 3 - huffpost apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi475Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5jPcSDA	Banner Ad 14 - huffpost apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjI75Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5jPcSDA	Banner Ad 15 - huffpost apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm475Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE6fISDA	Banner Ad 17 - zaman apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoI75Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjlgvUSDA	Lafayette Now banner ad - Lafayette Now
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoY75Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBill_ESDA	8tracks Android banner ad - 8tracks Android 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpI75Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI5_gSDA	Banner Ad 5 - posta ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8ZX5Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5jPcSDA	Banner Ad 12 - huffpost apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-JX5Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijl_YSDA	Banner Ad 5 - HURRIYET IOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyKX5Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE6fISDA	Banner Ad 8 - zaman apple
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqa35Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ8PUSDA	i_Com2us Pocker_320X50 - i_Com2us Pocker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkbX5Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizsPgSDA	Banner 300x250 - DealsApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk7X5Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5iPMSDA	Weapons BB banner ad - Weapons BB
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6cT5Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI5_gSDA	Banner Ad 12 - posta ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6sT5Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI5_gSDA	Banner Ad 15 - posta ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgeT5Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBid2PASDA	i heart radio banner ad test - iHeartRadio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYguT5Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp6_kSDA	Test App banner ad - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0vP5Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLjfQSDA	Sportappz banner ad - Sportappz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp4P6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix0eASDA	Banner Ad 12 - zaman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8ZL6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijl_YSDA	Banner Ad 2 - HURRIYET IOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3Jr6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi08fISDA	320x50 - Test Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlLL6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBvfkSDA	Leaderboard Ad - Tortoise and the Hare
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmLL6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix0eASDA	Banner Ad 13 - zaman
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYycn6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi08fISDA	Fullscreen - Test Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj-H6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihgv0SDA	https://market.android.com/details?id=com.intdroid.puzzle.bone banner ad - https://market.android.com/details?id=com.intdroid.puzzle.bone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYluH6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi06foSDA	Caynax Sundown Battery banner ad - Caynax Sundown Battery
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmeH6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHxf4SDA	Banner Ad 4 - Milliyet Applr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmuH6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHxf4SDA	Banner Ad 12 - Milliyet Applr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm-H6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHxf4SDA	Banner Ad 16 - Milliyet Applr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn-H6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBie4foSDA	Brain Tuner 2 banner ad iPad - Brain Tuner 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoOH6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp6vwSDA	AGH interstitial iPhone - AGH
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7uj6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjt6PoSDA	Test App banner ad - Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9Oj6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjd7fsSDA	Ski and Snow Report banner ad - Ski & Snow Report
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9uj6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSxbASDA	test - iOS Smartphone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9-j6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi1gPsSDA	Neon Play - Paper Glider Para Drop banner ad 320x50 - Neon Play - Paper Glider Para Drop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-Oj6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj37fsSDA	Neon Play - Santa vs Elves Portrait Interstitial ad 320x480 - Neon Play - Santa vs Elves
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhun6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjynukSDA	Interstitial Commercial - iPad - Paper PetsTM Jewel Farm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjen6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj2u_wSDA	A_MGP UP_300X250 - A_Minigame Paradise UP
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYken6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjw-PoSDA	indianpages banner ad - indianpages
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl-n6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtjNUSDA	Face Banner - Faces
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu-n6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHxf4SDA	Banner Ad 8 - Milliyet Applr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvOn6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHxf4SDA	Banner Ad 18 - Milliyet Applr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYven6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjisv8SDA	Android Jazz Player banner ad - Android Jazz Player
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv-n6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjw1vsSDA	ListingDetails - Nex-Tech Classifieds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxun6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigqf0SDA	Banner Ad 7 - IMAIL
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzOn6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMj_4SDA	Crowdstar - Happy Peeps: Tower Town - No Energy Refill - Interstitial  480x320 - Crowdstar - Happy Peeps: Tower Town
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzen6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU1_sSDA	Tstore_TD_300X250 - Tstore_Tower Defence Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1-n6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFiv0SDA	Little Adventure banner (iPad) - Little Adventure
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0_D6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjS8PoSDA	Integrity Interstitial - HousingZone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4vD6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbl_sSDA	Miniclip - Monster Island Landscape Interstitial 480x320  - Miniclip - Monster Island
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6vD6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBius_cSDA	Neon Play - Flick Football Super Save Hero Landscape interstitial 480x320  - Neon Play - Flick Football Super Save Hero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6_D6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC8vwSDA	Neon Play - Traffic Panic 3D Tablet Landscape interstitial 1024x768 - Neon Play - Traffic Panic 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7vD6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiKw_cSDA	Test banner ad - Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh_H6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjh0vcSDA	Banner Ad - Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnfH6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ__0SDA	Stallion Ringtone Maker banner ad - Stallion Ringtone Maker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrPH6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiS1f4SDA	Caynax Circle Battery banner ad - Caynax Circle Battery
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtPH6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAiv0SDA	Com2uS - Third Blade Free Interstitial 300x250  - Com2uS - Third Blade Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtvH6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjf5P4SDA	Rampage Punch Android banner ad - Rampage Punch Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvvH6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB1_sSDA	Secret Folder Lite: Banner ad - Secret Folder Lite: Banner
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxPH6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUw_cSDA	Chess - 320x50 - Chess
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzPH6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj73P4SDA	Crowdstar - Top Girl - Prestitial - Interstitial 480x320 - Crowdstar - Top Girl
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzvH6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj73P4SDA	Crowdstar - Top Girl - Work No Refill - Interstitial 480x320 - Crowdstar - Top Girl
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0PH6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZyv8SDA	Beda-Markt banner ad - Beda-Markt
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1vH6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTj_4SDA	Oldify Intersticial - 1st Launch - Oldify
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvPj6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjs4vwSDA	fy banner ad - fy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvvj6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCn_sSDA	Miniclip - Ping Pong banner ad 320x50 - Miniclip - Ping Pong
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2vj6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiE2_wSDA	Neon Play - Traffic Panic 3D Landscape interstitial 480x320 - Neon Play - Traffic Panic 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3_j6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjT2vcSDA	Oz_Derby Days_300X250 - Oz_Derby Days
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5Pj6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiO3vsSDA	Bitflip banner ad - bitFlip
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9Pj6Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiW3vsSDA	mopubTestApp banner ad - mopubTestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsYD7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi52vcSDA	Shared Table list banner ad - Shared Table
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs4D7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBius_cSDA	Neon Play - Flick Football Super Save Hero banner ad 320x50 - Neon Play - Flick Football Super Save Hero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwoD7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA8I0SDA	Test APP banner iPad - Test app iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY04D7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigw_cSDA	Caynax Eco Battery banner ad - Caynax Eco Battery
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1YD7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjonPwSDA	MyApp banner ad - MyApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6oD7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6foSDA	Banner Ad 7 - ireuters ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY64D7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6foSDA	Banner Ad 10 - ireuters ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7oD7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipm_8SDA	iPrayer banner ad - iPrayer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8oD7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiEnfwSDA	Milliyet android banner ad 1 - Milliyet android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9ID7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi56fISDA	Com2uS - 9innings Free - Interstitial 300x250 - Com2uS - 9Innings Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY94D7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigqf0SDA	Banner Ad 11 - IMAIL
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-ID7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigqf0SDA	Banner Ad 12 - IMAIL
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-4D7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0m_8SDA	all my apps banner ad - all my apps
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgIH7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC4_wSDA	Crowdstar - Social Girl - Post Date - Interstitial 480x320 - Crowdstar - Social Girl
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgYH7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjos_cSDA	Crowdstar - Top Girl banner ad 300x250 - Crowdstar - Top Girl
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhYH7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLrfgPDA	iads Ad - Stick Cricket
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi4j7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjM0vcSDA	Ninjump Fullscreen - NinJump
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlIj7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTiPsSDA	Miniclip - Mad Skills Motocross banner ad 320x50 - Miniclip - Mad Skills Motocross
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuIj7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxvvsSDA	Neon Play - Paper Glider Holidays Fullscreen Landscape interstitial 480x320 - Neon Play - Paper Glider Holidays
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuYj7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBje9fsSDA	Neon Play - Paper Glider vs. Gnomes Landscape interstitial 480x320 - Neon Play - Paper Glider vs. Gnomes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuoj7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj54vwSDA	Neon Play - Paper Glider vs. Gnomes Landscape Interstitial 480x320 - Neon Play - Paper Glider vs. Gnomes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu4j7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjpl_sSDA	Neon Play - Pro Football Touchdown Hero Landscape interstitial ad 480x320 - Neon Play - Pro Football Touchdown Hero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvYj7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8oK8SDA	MM Banner Ad - GOGO Fishing
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxIj7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA7vsSDA	Tstore_Derby Days_300X250 - Tstore_Derby Days
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxYj7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi2s_cSDA	Olleh_Derby Days_320X50 - Olleh_Derby Days
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxoj7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjT2vcSDA	Oz_Derby Days_320X50 - Oz_Derby Days
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz4j7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBja0vcSDA	Full Screen Ad - Robot Unicorn Attack Heavy Metal Edition
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8o_7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLxvsSDA	Solitaire Android Tablet - GamePlay Interstitial - Solitaire Android Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-I_7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiM6vcSDA	NomNomFace banner ad (728x90) - NomNomFace
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrpD7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW4vcSDA	Social Vibe Mobile Top 320x50 - Social Vibe Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwpD7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBkPsSDA	Hippo iPad banner ad - Hippo challenger iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0JD7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjG5vsSDA	Secret Folder Lite: Full Screen iPhone ad - Secret Folder Lite: Full Screen iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1pD7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqsv8SDA	Moxy Games - Hair Plucker Interstitial Ad 320x480 - Moxy Games - Hair Plucker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2JD7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-hv4SDA	Moxy Games - Sticky Jump Tablet Interstitial Ad - Moxy Games - Sticky Jump
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY45D7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq1f4SDA	doodlejump banner ad - Doodle Jump FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5pD7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBio1vsSDA	Fatify Intersticial - 2nd Launch - Fatify
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6ZD7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8r_sSDA	First Interstitial - JUMPimals!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7ZD7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjskPsSDA	Chess Games banner ad - iPhone - Chess Games
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2pf7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjv8fcSDA	Miniclip - Fragger Android Market menu banner ad 320x50 - Miniclip - Fragger Android Market 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY55f7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBic0P0SDA	Golf Island Android banner ad - Golf Island Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6Jf7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8pPwSDA	Neon Play - Paper Glider HD banner ad 320x50 - Neon Play - Paper Glider HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6pf7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC8vwSDA	Neon Play - Traffic Panic 3D Tablet banner ad 320x50 - Neon Play - Traffic Panic 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7pf7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjlmfUODA	iPad Full Screen - Test iPad App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY95f7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi56vcSDA	320x480 - Test 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj5j7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBif7vsSDA	zynga banner ad - Words With Friends Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm5j7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUx_sSDA	Esau e Jaco FREE banner ad - Esau e Jaco FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnZj7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhi_8SDA	Gameplay Banner - Unblock
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqZj7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHxf4SDA	Banner Ad 10 - Milliyet Applr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrZj7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvtf4SDA	Com2uS - Tiny Farm Tablet banner ad 728x90 - Com2uS - Tiny Farm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr5j7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjllv4SDA	Fluik - Office Jerk Interstitial 320x480 - Fluik - Office Jerk 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYspj7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTkv0SDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs5j7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdzvsSDA	Test Mopub iOS banner ad - Test Mopub iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt5j7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJj_4SDA	Tangle Twister banner ad - Tangle Twister
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu5j7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigqf0SDA	Banner Ad 3 - IMAIL
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvJj7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigqf0SDA	Banner Ad 5 - IMAIL
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwpj7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj08vwSDA	Moxy Games - Pimple Popper Seasons banner ad 320x50 - Moxy Games - Pimple Popper Seasons
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw5j7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMj_4SDA	Crowdstar - Happy Peeps: Tower Town - Shop - Banner Ad 320x50 - Crowdstar - Happy Peeps: Tower Town
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxJj7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMj_4SDA	Crowdstar - Happy Peeps: Tower Town - Social - Banner Ad 320x50 - Crowdstar - Happy Peeps: Tower Town
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyZj7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_g_8SDA	Baldify Intersticial - 1st Launch - Baldify
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxJ_7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjI-PoSDA	Neon Play - Paper Glider Crazy Copter 3D banner ad 320x50 - Neon Play - Paper Glider Crazy Copter 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx5_7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiD7vsSDA	egging banner iAd iPad - egging
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyZ_7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH4vcSDA	elpais top banner - elpais
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyp_7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjU5PESDA	Game over small banner ad iphone - Penguin Wings
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsqf7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjh0vcSDA	Whoa whoa whoa really really really long adunit name fool - Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYla_7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUr_sSDA	Frontend Comparison App banner ad - Frontend Comparison App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYma_7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6p_sSDA	Neon Play - Golf Putt Pro banner ad 320x50 - Neon Play - Golf Putt Pro
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnq_7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjynukSDA	Interstitial House - iPhone - Paper PetsTM Jewel Farm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuK_7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBii-wsM	Tablet Fullscreen - SimpleAds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-rb7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWr_sSDA	Interstitial - Ion Racer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-7b7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz6PoSDA	FastDic banner ad - FastDic
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7L77Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhuP0SDA	mobadsample banner ad - mobadsample
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_777Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi2s_cSDA	Olleh_Derby Days_300X250 - Olleh_Derby Days
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7cb7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_tvsSDA	Android interstitial ad - Android interstitial
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9sb7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiE7vsSDA	telegraph banner ad 1 - telegraph
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmMf7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjw1vsSDA	AccountListings - Nex-Tech Classifieds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmcf7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjF0P0SDA	Fluik - Office Zombie Interstitial 320x480 - Fluik - Office Zombie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmsf7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjllv4SDA	Fluik - Office Jerk Tablet Banner Ad 728x90 - Fluik - Office Jerk 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm8f7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj8pPwSDA	Fluik - Office Jerk banner ad 320x50 - Fluik - Office Jerk 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYocf7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigqf0SDA	Banner Ad 8 - IMAIL
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYosf7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigqf0SDA	Banner Ad 11 - IMAIL
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpMf7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW5vsSDA	Moxy Games - Sticky Jump Banner Ad 320x50 - Moxy Games - Sticky Jump
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqcf7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_g_8SDA	Baldify Intersticial - Post Share - Baldify
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsc77Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJxvsSDA	MS Test App banner ad - MS Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvM77Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvxvsSDA	SSapps_TD Free_KR_300X250 - SSapps_Tower Defence Free_KR
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYws77Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihu_cSDA	i_Witch Wars_320X50 -  i_Witch Wars
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz877Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjg4vcSDA	Memphis Now banner ad - Memphis Now
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2M77Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBw_cSDA	Dibujos.net TOP Banner - Dibujos.net
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2c77Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHxf4SDA	Banner Ad 2 - Milliyet Applr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4s77Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_4vcSDA	playwap - http://playwap.mobi
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnNb7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTu_cSDA	Solitaire Android Phone - GamePlay Banner Ad - Solitaire Android Phone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYntb7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi22vcSDA	Miniclip - Monkey Kick Off Landscape Interstitial 480x320 - Miniclip - Monkey Kick Off
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpNb7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBij1vsSDA	Ludo Neo Fullscreen Ipad Ad - Ludo Neo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYptb7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBis4vcSDA	iPad - interstitial 1024x768 - La Scopa Pro - iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrNb7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiDzPQSDA	Beavers Revenge Banner Ad - Beaver's RevengeTM
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs9b7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTw_cSDA	braintuner 2 banner ad mopub - Brain Tuner 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYttb7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJgPsSDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY19b7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbgPsSDA	QuotesToLiveBy banner ad - QuotesToLiveBy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY29b7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW4vcSDA	Social Vibe Mobile Bottom 320x50 - Social Vibe Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8db7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjw1vsSDA	Dashboard - Nex-Tech Classifieds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9Nb7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjO7P4SDA	Com2uS - Homerun Battle 2 Free Tablet banner ad 728x90 - Com2uS - Homerun Battle 2 Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9db7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0r_sSDA	Com2uS - Slice It! banner ad 320x50 - Com2uS - Slice It!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9tb7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjjsv8SDA	Com2uS -  Puzzle Family Interstitial 300x250 - Com2uS -  Puzzle Family
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_9b7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi99_0SDA	Rampage Punch iOS II banner ad - Rampage Punch iOS II
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgNf7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjB6foSDA	Rampage Punch Android II banner ad - Rampage Punch Android II
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg9f7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigqf0SDA	Banner Ad 16 - IMAIL
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiNf7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjosv8SDA	Caynax Orchid Battery banner ad - Caynax Orchid Battery
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjtf7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiKpfwSDA	Moxy Games - Pimple Popper Interstitial 320x480 - Moxy Games - Pimple Popper
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmtf7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVv80HDA	Fullscreen Photo Banner - MatchOff
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm9f7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8r_sSDA	Second Interstitial - JUMPimals!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh977Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjI-PoSDA	Neon Play - Paper Glider Crazy Copter 3D tablet fullscreen ad 1024x768 - Neon Play - Paper Glider Crazy Copter 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkN77Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjkuP0SDA	test_300x250 - C2P
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYld77Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU3vsSDA	Perfct Partner Love Calculator banner ad - Perfct Partner Love Calculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6-X7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimgPsSDA	Rift Loot banner ad - Rift Loot
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8uX7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirpPwSDA	Miniclip - Fragger Android Market banner ad 320x50 - Miniclip - Fragger Android Market
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8-X7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitgPsSDA	Miniclip - Ping Pong Portrait Interstitial 320x480 - Miniclip - Ping Pong
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_eX7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH-PoSDA	Neon Play - Paper Glider banner ad 320x50 - Neon Play - Paper Glider
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYheb7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiCkPsSDA	Vertex Blaster banner ad - Vertex Blaster
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjOb7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA7vsSDA	Tstore_Derby Days_320X50 - Tstore_Derby Days
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkeb7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi61vsSDA	Farting Santa banner ad - Farting Santa
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYleb7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU5vsSDA	Ducky Dash banner ad - Ducky Dash - iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn-b7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjU5PESDA	Title screen Full Screen iphone - Penguin Wings
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqub7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirw_cSDA	TestApp banner ad - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr-b7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinnMgSDA	AGH v2 Android Tablet Interstitial - Atari Greatest Hits 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs-b7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj_gdYSDA	emergency manager full - PicTells
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvub7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHxf4SDA	Banner Ad 15 - Milliyet Applr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYweb7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj31vsSDA	Com2uS - Tiny Farm banner ad 320x50 - Com2uS - Tiny Farm 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzeb7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiK1_sSDA	petrik banner ad - petrik
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1eb7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5i_8SDA	Moxy Games - Egg Plop banner ad 320x50 - Moxy Games - Egg Plop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1-b7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjy8vwSDA	Moxy Games - Super Ninja Tablet Banner Ad 728x90 - moxy Games - Super Ninja
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2ub7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC4_wSDA	Crowdstar - Social Girl - Prestitial - Interstitial 480x320 - Crowdstar - Social Girl
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2-b7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjos_cSDA	Crowdstar - Top Girl Interstitial 480x320 - Crowdstar - Top Girl
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3ub7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBim1f4SDA	Beda-Markt banner ad - Beda-Markt
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5Ob7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVv80HDA	Team Banner - MatchOff
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6-b7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjskPsSDA	Banner Ad - iPad - Chess Games
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0-37Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBia0_wSDA	Music Battle banner ad - Music Battle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1u37Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjf0vcSDA	Frontend Testing App banner ad - Frontend Testing App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4-37Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBis4vcSDA	fullscreen 480x320 start game - La Scopa Pro - iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9u37Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH-PoSDA	Neon Play - Paper Glider Tablet Fullscreen interstitial 1024x768 - Neon Play - Paper Glider
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-O37Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFsfUSDA	Test ID - Test Application
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-u37Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiaurESDA	Fullscreen Ad Test - Celebuzz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiO77Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiXkPsSDA	angry banner ad - Angry Bulls
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi-77Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ5vsSDA	dsfd banner ad - dsfd
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvfX7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBispPwSDA	Miniclip - Gravity Guy Landscape Interstitial 480x320 - Miniclip - Gravity Guy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw_X7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhl_sSDA	egging banner ad iPhone - egging
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8_X7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5uP0SDA	Banner Ad - C-TY Amberg
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-fX7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBip5vsSDA	Hello Kitty Beauty Salon banner ad - Hello Kitty Beauty Salon
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_fX7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifpv4SDA	Shreveport Now banner ad - Shreveport Now
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgfb7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjii_8SDA	Caynax Dashboard Battery banner ad - Caynax Dashboard Battery
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiPb7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFw_cSDA	New York Lotto Results banner ad - New York Lotto Results
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjPb7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLw_cSDA	Secret Folder Lite: Full Screen iPad  ad - Secret Folder Lite: Full Screen iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj_b7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigx_sSDA	www.mediasmart.es/1 banner ad - www.mediasmart.es/1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkPb7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigqf0SDA	Banner Ad 4 - IMAIL
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk_b7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQuv8SDA	Moxy Games - Mythical Pets banner ad 320x50 - Moxy Games - Mythical Pets
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlPb7Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjXw_cSDA	Moxy Games - Pimple Popper Interstitial 320x480 - Moxy Games - Pimple Popper Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo_37Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwt78SDA	JackStyler - iPhone - 320x50 - JackThreads for iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi4X8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRrPwSDA	Mad Chad banner ad - Mad Chad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjYX8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLxvsSDA	Solitaire Android Tablet - StartUp Interstitial - Solitaire Android Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk4X8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiE7vsSDA	Banner Ad 2 medium - telegraph
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-Iz8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj14vwSDA	Neon Play - Paper Glider banner ad 320x50 - Neon Play - Paper Glider
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkY38Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiirPwSDA	Dog Screen Cleaner1 banner ad - Dog Screen Cleaner1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoo38Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjGw_cSDA	Test Game banner ad - Test Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo438Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdwP0SDA	http://itunes.apple.com/jp/app/id442237589?mt=8 banner ad - http://itunes.apple.com/jp/app/id442237589?mt=8
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp438Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigqf0SDA	Banner Ad 10 - IMAIL
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq438Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiysf0SDA	MA M Postumas Bras Cubas Banner - MA M Postumas Bras Cubas
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYro38Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8r_sSDA	Vertical Banner - JUMPimals!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2pT8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCnPwSDA	Miniclip Fragger GetJar banner ad 320x50 - Miniclip - Fragger GetJar 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY25T8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwgPsSDA	dailymail banner ad 1 - dailymail
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3pT8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjxvvsSDA	Neon Play - Paper Glider Holidays banner ad 320x50 - Neon Play - Paper Glider Holidays
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5JT8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiO3vsSDA	Interstitial Ad - bitFlip
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6JT8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6foSDA	Banner Ad 11 - ireuters ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6pT8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjVn3QM	Banner PPR 1 - full mobile website
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY75T8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm7P4SDA	Rally Legends banner ad - Rally Legends
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxJz8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitpPwSDA	Miniclip - iStunt2 Landscape interstitial ad 480x320 - Miniclip - iStunt2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzZz8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiG3vsSDA	Neon Play - Golf Putt Pro 3D banner ad 320x50 - Neon Play - Golf Putt Pro 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz5z8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBje9fsSDA	Neon Play - Paper Glider vs. Gnomes banner ad 320x50 - Neon Play - Paper Glider vs. Gnomes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0Jz8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC8vwSDA	Neon Play - Traffic Panic 3D Landscape interstitial ad 480x320 - Neon Play - Traffic Panic 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0Zz8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiE2_wSDA	Neon Play - Traffic Panic 3D Tablet banner ad 320x50 - Neon Play - Traffic Panic 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1Zz8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqhvkSDA	Banner Ad Bottom - WordHero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY25z8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBic0P0SDA	Golf Island Android Tablet banner ad - Golf Island Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5Zz8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLv_sSDA	telegraph banner ad 1 - telegraph
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_Zz8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjX5P4SDA	Rampage Punch Android - Rampage Punch
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYip38Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBii-wsM	Skyscraper - SimpleAds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjZ38Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjp7P4SDA	Caynax A6W banner ad - Caynax A6W
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkZ38Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVv80HDA	Leagues Banner - MatchOff
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuKT8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBij1vsSDA	Ludo Neo iPhone Banner - Ludo Neo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu6T8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH-PoSDA	Neon Play - Paper Glider Landscape Interstitial Ad 480x320 - Neon Play - Paper Glider
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvqT8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBio1vsSDA	Banner Ad - Fatify
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxKT8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig0P0SDA	A_Derby Days_300X250 - A_Derby Days
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx6T8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjzo_cSDA	Kakoon - Social Buzz Android App banner ad - Kakoon - Social Buzz Android App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyqT8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiF8foSDA	Farting Santa banner ad - Farting Santa
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1KT8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC1vsSDA	Caynax Sunflower Battery banner ad - Caynax Sunflower Battery
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY26T8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik5vsSDA	Fullscreen - ORMMATest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6KT8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOs_cSDA	Beaumont Now banner ad - Beaumont Now
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6aT8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6foSDA	Banner Ad 14 - ireuters ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6qT8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6foSDA	Banner Ad 16 - ireuters ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY66T8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6foSDA	Banner Ad 17 - ireuters ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7KT8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5w_cSDA	Angry Birds banner ad - Angry Birds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7qT8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPpPcSDA	Pratik Inglizce banner ad - Pratik Inglizce
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9KT8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj26MYSDA	Banner Ad - You Rather
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9qT8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHxf4SDA	Banner Ad 11 - Milliyet Applr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY96T8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHxf4SDA	Banner Ad 17 - Milliyet Applr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-aT8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAiv0SDA	Com2uS - Third Blade Free banner ad 320x50 - Com2uS - Third Blade Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg6X8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigqf0SDA	Banner Ad 14 - IMAIL
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiKX8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjVw_cSDA	Moxy Games - Coffee Cafe banner ad - Moxy Games - Coffee Cafe
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi6X8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrsv8SDA	Atakes banner ad - Atakes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkqz8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTu_cSDA	Solitaire Android Phone - Gameplay Interstitial - Solitaire Android Phone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk6z8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDnPwSDA	Miniclip - Gravity Guy menu banner ad - Miniclip - Gravity Guy Android 1.5.2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl6z8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBis4vcSDA	iPad - banner 728x90 - La Scopa Pro - iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmKz8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH-PoSDA	Neon Play - Paper Glider Tablet Banner Ad 320x50 - Neon Play - Paper Glider
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp6z8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimltISDA	Android Ad - iPrayer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqqz8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjw1vsSDA	Threads - Nex-Tech Classifieds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq6z8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBis9P4SDA	Rampage Punch iOS banner ad - Rampage Punch iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-7P8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBja0vcSDA	Robot Unicorn Attack banner banner banner banner banner ad ad - Robot Unicorn Attack Heavy Metal Edition
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7bv8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWr_sSDA	Post Race - Ion Racer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzMP8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLxvsSDA	Solitaire Android Tablet - GamePlay Banner Ad - Solitaire Android Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz8P8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCn_sSDA	Miniclip - Ping Pong Portrait Interstitial  320x480 - Miniclip - Ping Pong
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2MP8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBje9fsSDA	Neon Play - Paper Glider vs. Gnomes Tablet banner ad 320x50 - Neon Play - Paper Glider vs. Gnomes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3cP8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjOy7URDA	Macy's Bar3 - Refinery29 Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4sP8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9j_sSDA	Golf Island iOS Tablet banner ad - Golf Island iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYssv8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiP6vcSDA	Fragger vertical banner GetJar - Fragger vertical banner GetJar
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt8v8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBii3c8SDA	JackStyler Banner Ad - JackThreads for Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYndP8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBispPwSDA	Miniclip - Gravity Guy menu banner ad 320x50 - Miniclip - Gravity Guy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYntP8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitpPwSDA	Miniclip - iStunt2 in-game banner ad 320x50 - Miniclip - iStunt2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYutP8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBio1vsSDA	Fatify Intersticial - Post Share - Fatify
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhdv8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBio1vsSDA	Fatify Banner - Effect Screen - Fatify
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi9v8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiq6foSDA	Tour of Utah banner ad - Tour of Utah 2010
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkdv8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigqf0SDA	Banner Ad 6 - IMAIL
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYktv8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiN1_sSDA	Moxy Games - GOGO Fishing banner ad 320x50 - Moxy Games - GOGO Fishing
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlNv8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjssv8SDA	vWeather banner ad - vWeather
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6eL8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBif4vcSDA	Robot Unicorn Attack Heavy Metal Edition banner ad - Robot Unicorn Attack Heavy Metal Edition
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9OL8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9j_sSDA	Golf Island iOS banner ad - Golf Island iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9-L8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj24vwSDA	Neon Play - Paper Glider Crazy Copter 3D banner ad 320x50 - Neon Play - Paper Glider Crazy Copter 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-uL8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8iPsSDA	m.ms.com banner ad - m.ms.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYheP8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi54vcSDA	whiteboard lite banner ad mopub - Whiteboard Lite: Collaborative Drawing
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiOP8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiG8foSDA	Texas Lottery Results banner ad - Texas Lottery Results
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjeP8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv0P0SDA	livewallpaper banner ad - livewallpaper
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnuP8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdgPsSDA	iOS: BubbleBirds iPhone banner ad - iOS: BubbleBirds iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpeP8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQjfwSDA	Bakodo banner ad - Bakodo - Barcode Scanner and QR Bar Code Reader
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYruP8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6foSDA	Banner Ad 9 - ireuters ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvuP8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrlPwSDA	Jacks or Better 2k12 banner ad - Jacks or Better 2k12
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwOP8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqsv8SDA	Moxy Games - Hair Plucker banner ad 320x50 - Moxy Games - Hair Plucker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYweP8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjulPwSDA	Bessler Report banner ad - Bessler Report
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyuP8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiayv8SDA	Record Mic and Call banner ad - Record Mic and Call
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzOP8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6lv4SDA	MP Go banner ad - MP Go
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzuP8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjnkPsSDA	Vertical Banner - JUMPimals!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0er8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLxvsSDA	Solitaire Android Tablet - Menu Banner Ad - Solitaire Android Tablet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0ur8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitgPsSDA	Miniclip - Ping Pong banner ad 320x50 - Miniclip - Ping Pong
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5-r8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjO7P4SDA	Com2uS - Homerun Battle 2 Free Interstitial 300x250 - Com2uS - Homerun Battle 2 Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7er8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjenv4SDA	Bar Refaeli banner ad - Bar Refaeli
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu_L8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz8fcSDA	egging banner ad - egging
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzvL8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBig0P0SDA	A_Derby Days_320X50 - A_Derby Days
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1PL8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBic5vsSDA	sms banner ad - sms
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6vL8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBidjfwSDA	LFC Connect Android banner ad - LFC Connect Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7fL8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjw1vsSDA	Messages - Nex-Tech Classifieds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8fL8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwpdISDA	First - Food Fight
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9fL8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMj_4SDA	Crowdstar - Happy Peeps: Tower Town - No Energy Refill - Interstitial - 300x250 - Crowdstar - Happy Peeps: Tower Town
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-vL8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiOj_4SDA	Wazapp banner ad - Wazapp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_fL8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBio1vsSDA	Fatify Interstitial - Post IAP/Share - Fatify
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo_r8Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-9fsSDA	Miniclip - Monkey Kick Off banner ad 320x50 - Miniclip - Monkey Kick Off 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjoL9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBij1vsSDA	Ludo Neo iPad Medium Ad - Ludo Neo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYj4L9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBis4vcSDA	1024x768 full screen start game - La Scopa Pro - iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkYL9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQgv0SDA	Neon Play - Paper Glider Amazon Lite banner ad 320x50 - Neon Play - Paper Glider Amazon Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkoL9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj54vwSDA	Neon Play - Paper Glider vs. Gnomes banner ad 320x50 - Neon Play - Paper Glider vs. Gnomes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk4L9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjf9fsSDA	Neon Play - Traffic Panic banner ad 320x50 - Neon Play - Traffic Panic
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm4L9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiH7vsSDA	EES Media Female and Moms 300 x 50 banner ad - EES Media Female and Moms 300 x 50
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9In9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiD2_wSDA	Golf Island Free banner ad - Golf Island Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9Yn9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiE2_wSDA	Neon Play - Traffic Panic 3D banner ad 320x50 - Neon Play - Traffic Panic 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_Yn9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjwpPwSDA	Locus banner ad - Locus
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg4r9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigqf0SDA	Banner Ad 13 - IMAIL
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3JH9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6p_sSDA	Neon Play - Golf Putt Pro Portrait Interstitial ad 320x480 - Neon Play - Golf Putt Pro
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3pH9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjC8vwSDA	Neon Play - Traffic Panic 3D banner ad 320x50 - Neon Play - Traffic Panic 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4pH9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE8vwSDA	downwords.gamzee.com banner ad - downwords.gamzee.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkZL9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHxf4SDA	Banner Ad 13 - Milliyet Applr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkpL9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJ0P0SDA	Android Motorsport Player banner ad - Android Motorsport Player
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmZL9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjy8vwSDA	Moxy Games - Super Ninja banner ad 320x50 - moxy Games - Super Ninja
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnpL9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjO0P0SDA	SneakAndBall banner ad - SneakAndBall
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo5L9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBja8foSDA	Prize Claw banner ad - Prize Claw
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx5n9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBja0vcSDA	Custom Ad - Robot Unicorn Attack Heavy Metal Edition
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqqH9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitpPwSDA	Miniclip - iStunt2 menu banner ad 320x50  - Miniclip - iStunt2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvKH9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjS8PoSDA	Integrity Banner - HousingZone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk6n9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTiPsSDA	Miniclip - Mad Skills Motocross Landscape Interstitial Ad 480x320 - Miniclip - Mad Skills Motocross
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl6n9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjy8fcSDA	Coloring for Kids - Princess banner ad - Coloring for Kids - Princess
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm6n9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiaqf0SDA	Round corners banner ad - Round corners
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYoan9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigqf0SDA	IMAIL banner ad - IMAIL
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr6n9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDzvsSDA	SSapps_MGP 5 UP_KR_320X50 - SSapps_MGP 5 UP_KR
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtqn9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjU5PESDA	Levels small banner ad iphone - Penguin Wings
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvqn9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjwjv4SDA	iPad - Easter Sticker Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv6n9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRqsYSDA	AGH v2 iPad Interstitial - Atari Greatest Hits 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwan9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTjfwSDA	Stock Market Wiki banner ad - Stock Market Wiki
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxKn9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMvf4SDA	Shreveport Now banner ad - Shreveport Now
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxqn9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6foSDA	Banner Ad 2 - ireuters ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyqn9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHxf4SDA	Banner Ad 9 - Milliyet Applr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy6n9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiorPwSDA	Flashlight banner ad Android - Flashlight
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzan9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMqf0SDA	Com2uS - i_Magic Tree banner ad 320x50 - Com2uS - i_Magic Tree
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1an9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj2h60SDA	Appy Geek Provider Leaderboard iOS - Appy Geek iPhone Provider
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2Kn9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjl9bISDA	Glam Life Corporate Leaderboard Android - Glam Life Android Corporate
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-bD9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWr_sSDA	Stats Banner - Ion Racer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgLH9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBis4vcSDA	320x50 banner - La Scopa Pro - iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgrH9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi1gPsSDA	Neon Play - Paper Glider Para Drop Landscape Interstitial 480x320 - Neon Play - Paper Glider Para Drop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhrH9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFsf0SDA	iOS RTB - 320x50 - iOS RTB
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkLH9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRzfESDA	Howling Mouse Medium Ad - Howling Mouse
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlbH9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiiw_cSDA	iOS: Puzzles banner ad - iOS: Puzzles
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl7H9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik5vsSDA	ORMMATest banner ad - ORMMATest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmbH9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKzvsSDA	http://4mads.com banner ad - http://4mads.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYobH9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjj8vwSDA	Urbandipity Medium ad - urbandipity
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYorH9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjn4vcSDA	AppRatings.com banner ad - AppRatings.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYprH9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPkv0SDA	Mixplay banner ad - Mixplay
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrLH9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjczvsSDA	http://itunes.apple.com/jp/app/id442237589?mt=8 banner ad - http://itunes.apple.com/jp/app/id442237589?mt=8
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr7H9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi5mPsSDA	www.mediasmart.es/1 banner ad - www.mediasmart.es/1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtrH9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit1f4SDA	Banner Ad - iPad - Racing Games
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt7H9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjUuv8SDA	test banner ad - test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5bj9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjkuP0SDA	test_320x50 - C2P
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7bj9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjsuP0SDA	Shazam - 320x50 - Shazam
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7rj9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4y_wSDA	Shazam - 320x50 - Shazam
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgLn9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRqsYSDA	AGH v2 iPhone Interstitial - Atari Greatest Hits 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYscj9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicyNYSDA	iOS_Test_More Games_Banner_1_728x90 - iOS Test App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtsj9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj24vwSDA	Neon Play - Paper Glider Crazy Copter Landscape interstitial 480x320  - Neon Play - Paper Glider Crazy Copter 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt8j9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjI-PoSDA	Neon Play - Paper Glider Crazy Copter 3D Landscape interstitial 480x320 - Neon Play - Paper Glider Crazy Copter 3D
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp9D9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihu_cSDA	i_Witch Wars_300X250 -  i_Witch Wars
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYudD9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFkv0SDA	iOS: BubbleBirds iPad banner ad - iOS: BubbleBirds iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvdD9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBim7a0SDA	Android Test Banner Unit - Android RTB
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxND9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjm6vwSDA	Honey Badger Uncensored banner ad - Honey Badger Uncensored
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxtD9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjF0P0SDA	Fluik - Office Zombie banner ad 320x50 - Fluik - Office Zombie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYytD9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiApfwSDA	Test Mopub banner ad - Test Mopub
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzdD9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiKpfwSDA	Moxy Games - Pimple Popper banner ad 320x50 - Moxy Games - Pimple Popper
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0ND9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBieyv8SDA	Banniere principale - Belote
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgdj9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj54vwSDA	Neon Play - Paper Glider vs. Gnomes Tablet banner ad 320x50 - Neon Play - Paper Glider vs. Gnomes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6d_9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbtPQSDA	Neon Play - Pro Baseball Catcher Hero Landscape interstitial ad 480x320 - Neon Play - Pro Baseball Catcher Hero
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1ef9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBikkPsSDA	hellomop banner ad - hellomop
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2uf9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBio4_wSDA	4Shared Downloader banner ad (library) - 4Shared Downloader
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3Of9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6foSDA	Banner Ad 3 - ireuters ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3ef9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6qv8SDA	OCTOBA banner ad - OCTOBA
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3uf9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj31vsSDA	Com2uS - Tiny Farm Tablet banner ad 728x90 - Com2uS - Tiny Farm 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3-f9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjg5P4SDA	sample3 banner ad - sample3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo_f9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi41vsSDA	Commodity Prices banner ad - Commodity Prices
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqff9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjlucYSDA	TNR - 300x250 - TNR
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqvf9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW2b4SDA	Vdopia Test - Today's Horoscope by Kelli Fox
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtvf9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHxf4SDA	Banner Ad 3 - Milliyet Applr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt_f9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHxf4SDA	Banner Ad 5 - Milliyet Applr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuff9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjw1vsSDA	WatchList - Nex-Tech Classifieds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvPf9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjg5P4SDA	Banner Ad - sample3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwvf9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwpdISDA	Default - Food Fight
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYw_f9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0m_8SDA	Bottom Banner - all my apps
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxPf9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjW5vsSDA	Moxy Games - Sticky Jump Interstitial 320x480 - Moxy Games - Sticky Jump
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjP_9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjynukSDA	Interstitial Commercial - iPhone - Paper PetsTM Jewel Farm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn__9Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjvtf4SDA	Com2uS - Tiny Farm banner ad 320x50 - Com2uS - Tiny Farm
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-4b-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjw1vsSDA	Listings - Nex-Tech Classifieds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_Ib-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihjfwSDA	Fluik - Office Jerk Holiday Edition Tablet banner ad 728x90 - Fluik - Office Jerk Holiday Edition
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3I7-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRzfESDA	Howling Mouse Interstitial - Howling Mouse
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6Y7-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik5vsSDA	Banner Ad - ORMMATest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6o7-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjimf4KDA	Banner Ad #4 - Angry Birds Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY847-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifsf0SDA	Memphis Now banner ad - Memphis Now
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9I7-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6foSDA	Banner Ad 5 - ireuters ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_Y7-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinmPsSDA	Dog Whistle banner ad - Dog Whistle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgI_-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0r_sSDA	Com2uS - Slice It! Interstitial 320x480 - Com2uS - Slice It!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg4_-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjnlv4SDA	http://itunes.apple.com/jp/app/id442237589?mt=8 banner ad - http://itunes.apple.com/jp/app/id442237589?mt=8
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhI_-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjIw_cSDA	Rampage Punch Android banner ad - Rampage Punch Android 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwZb-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi56vcSDA	320x50 - Test 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0Zb-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjI6vcSDA	TestApp banner ad - TestApp
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY05b-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinnMgSDA	AGH v2 Android Phone Interstitial - Atari Greatest Hits 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4Zb-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHxf4SDA	Banner Ad 7 - Milliyet Applr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5pb-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjllv4SDA	Fluik - Office Jerk banner ad 320x50 - Fluik - Office Jerk 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7pb-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-hv4SDA	Moxy Games - Sticky Jump Interstitial 480x320 - Moxy Games - Sticky Jump
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY75b-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix9P4SDA	Moxy Games - Pimple Popper Seasons Tablet Interstitial Ad - Moxy Games - Pimple Popper Seasons
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9Jb-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiEiv0SDA	Beat That Boardwalk banner ad - Beat That Boardwalk
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9pb-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFiv0SDA	Little Adventure banner (iPhone) - Little Adventure
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0p7-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHkPsSDA	Honey Badger Don't Care banner ad - Honey Badger Don't Care
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1Z7-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi4u_cSDA	sample2 banner ad - sample2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1p7-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8u_cSDA	Caynax Blurry Battery banner ad - Caynax Blurry Battery
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4p7-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiD4_cSDA	Word Game banner ad - Word Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlab-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUpv4SDA	sms banner ad - sms
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi67-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj06MYSDA	Banner Ad - You Rather
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjK7-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6pPwSDA	Com2uS - Minigame Paradise Interstitial 300x250 - Com2uS - Minigame Paradise 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmK7-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBirkaISDA	News Republic Providers Leaderboard iOS - News Republic iPhone Providers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz73-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiV9vsSDA	Beat That Boardwalk banner ad - Beat That Boardwalk
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0L3-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX9vsSDA	Banner Ad - Sudoku :) iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYusX-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6foSDA	Banner Ad 4 - ireuters ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyMX-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHxf4SDA	Banner Ad 6 - Milliyet Applr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYysX-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_5vsSDA	fashionbuyer banner ad - fashionbuyer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0cX-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwpdISDA	First, 50% - Food Fight
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1cX-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMj_4SDA	Crowdstar - Happy Peeps: Tower Town - Game Launch - Interstitial  480x320 - Crowdstar - Happy Peeps: Tower Town
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgdX-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiY7vsSDA	the flashlight free banner ad - the flashlight free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgtX-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBipr_sSDA	munerisdemo banner ad - munerisdemo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYitX-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6foSDA	Banner Ad 15 - ireuters ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi9X-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimltISDA	Banner Ad - iPrayer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjtX-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBij8foSDA	MP Go banner ad - MP Go
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmNX-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBizr_sSDA	sample.com banner ad - sample.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYndX-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjwi_8SDA	Talking Pierre the Parrot banner ad - Talking Pierre the Parrot
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrtX-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit1f4SDA	Racing Games banner ad - iPhone - Racing Games
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr9X-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPnfwSDA	GibbonsApps1 banner ad - GibbonsApps1
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYstX-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-r_sSDA	Locus Free banner - Locus Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8Nz-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi64_wSDA	fashionbuyer banner ad - fashionbuyer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8dz-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjH0P0SDA	http://itunes.apple.com/jp/app/id442237589?mt=8 banner ad - http://itunes.apple.com/jp/app/id442237589?mt=8
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9tz-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj64vcSDA	Moxy Games - Hair Plucker Interstitial 320x480 - Moxy Games - Hair Plucker 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_tz-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBim__0SDA	Second Interstitial - JUMPimals!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1uT-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6kPsSDA	Beaumont Now banner ad - Beaumont Now
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3OT-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjawP0SDA	fashionbuyer banner ad - fashionbuyer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3eT-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLkPsSDA	Snack Attack FREE BR banner ad - Snack Attack FREE BR
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5OT-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiktLMSDA	Glam Life Corporate Leaderboard iOS - Glam Life iPhone Corporate
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwuz-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6foSDA	Banner Ad 12 - ireuters ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyez-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5hv4SDA	iPad Interstitial Ad - ChaCha
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz-z-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjO7P4SDA	Com2uS - Homerun Battle 2 Free banner ad 320x50 - Com2uS - Homerun Battle 2 Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0Oz-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjMqf0SDA	Com2uS - i_Magic Tree Tablet Banner Ad 728x90 - Com2uS - i_Magic Tree
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1-z-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBjVn3QM	Banner PPR top - full mobile website
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4Oz-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-hv4SDA	Moxy Games - Sticky Jump banner ad 320x50 - Moxy Games - Sticky Jump
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4-z-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix9P4SDA	Moxy Games - Pimple Popper Seasons banner ad 320x50 - Moxy Games - Pimple Popper Seasons
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5Oz-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix9P4SDA	Moxy Games - Pimple Popper Seasons Tablet Banner Ad 728x90 - Moxy Games - Pimple Popper Seasons
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5ez-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjYnv4SDA	Olleh_TD Free_300X250 - Olleh_Tower Defence Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6-z-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi_u_cSDA	trandroid banner ad - trandroid
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7Oz-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTj_4SDA	Oldify Intersticial - Post Share - Oldify
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqfT-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbzvsSDA	Com2uS - Slice It! Begins Tablet Banner Ad 728x90 - Com2uS - Slice It! Begins
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrfT-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUo_8SDA	www.mediasmart.es/2 banner ad - www.mediasmart.es/2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrvT-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwpdISDA	Last, 100% - Food Fight
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtfT-Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjwku0SDA	Tryme - wfr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8YP_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiWmPsSDA	Rampage Punch Banners - Rampage Punch
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-oP_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjw1vsSDA	ListingPhotos - Nex-Tech Classifieds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_oP_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi8r_sSDA	Horizontal Banner - JUMPimals!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgIT_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFl60SDA	Glam Life Provider Leaderboard iOS - Glam Life iPhone Provider
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2Yv_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjL7I4SDA	YachtC Leaderboard Ad - YachtC
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2ov_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6foSDA	Banner Ad 6 - ireuters ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY24v_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit6foSDA	Banner Ad 13 - ireuters ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY54v_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjHxf4SDA	Milliyet Applr banner ad 1 - Milliyet Applr
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6Iv_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiqmPsSDA	Honey Badger Censored banner ad - Honey Badger Censored
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6ov_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNxf4SDA	MonsterTech Blog banner ad - MonsterTech Blog
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY74v_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjui_8SDA	Rampage Punch iOS banner ad - Rampage Punch iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8ov_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBigqf0SDA	Banner Ad 9 - IMAIL
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY84v_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjRkPsSDA	Brain Tuner banner ad iPhone - Brain Tuner 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9Yv_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiwpdISDA	Last - Food Fight
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-Iv_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj64vcSDA	Moxy Games - Hair Plucker banner ad 320x50 - Moxy Games - Hair Plucker 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_Yv_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj52vcSDA	Banner Ad - Sudoku :) iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_ov_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiVv80HDA	Activity View Banner - MatchOff
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzpP_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjbzvsSDA	Com2uS - Slice It! Begins Interstitial 300x250 - Com2uS - Slice It! Begins
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz5P_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiPrv4SDA	Test Game iOS banner ad - Test Game iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrpv_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0r_sSDA	Com2uS - Slice It! Interstitial 300x250 - Com2uS - Slice It!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr5v_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBih__0SDA	Com2uS - The World of Magic banner ad 320x50 - Com2uS - The World of Magic
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuZv_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9r7ISDA	Glam Life Providers Leaderboard Android - Glam Life Android Providers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlaP_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-hv4SDA	Moxy Games - Sticky Jump Tablet Banner Ad - Moxy Games - Sticky Jump
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_qr_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihjfwSDA	Fluik - Office Jerk Holiday Edition banner ad 320x50 - Fluik - Office Jerk Holiday Edition
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_6r_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiJ9vsSDA	MX 2012 banner ad - Music Explosion 2012
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6bL_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjf7P4SDA	Testing url for mobile web banner ad - Testing url for mobile web
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0br_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBii-wsM	Leaderboard - SimpleAds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2Lr_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiB-q4SDA	Appy Geek Corporate Leaderboard iOS - Appy Geek iPhone Corporate 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYncr_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTj_4SDA	Oldify Intersticial - 2nd Launch - Oldify
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgdL_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBio1vsSDA	Fatify Intersticial - 1st Launch - Fatify
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6dn_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi9_aUSDA	News Republic Providers Leaderboard Android - News Republic Android Providers
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxOn_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiT54ATDA	Dream Train banner ad - Dream Train
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp_H_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBihx4ATDA	Coin Dozer: World Tour banner ad - Coin Dozer: World Tour
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtfH_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZtIETDA	Android Mobile Live Chess 300x250 - Chess.com - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtvH_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinwYITDA	Banner ad - Elves and the Shoemaker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvvH_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv7oATDA	Banner Ad 4 - abc ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyPH_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjy9IMTDA	Rafay banner ad - Rafay
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1vH_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjAwYITDA	Main Activity Banner - Notification Agenda (RELEASE)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2PH_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjGnYETDA	MyStadium banner ad - MyStadium
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2vH_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDwYITDA	Infinite Galler banner ad - Infinite Galler
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3PH_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBij1vsSDA	Ludo Neo - More Games 2 - 728x90 - Ludo Neo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3fH_Egw	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBij1vsSDA	Ludo Neo - More Games 3 - 728x90 - Ludo Neo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3oiAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBixuYITDA	i_inotia 4 Free_300X250 - i_inotia 4 Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4IiAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiyuYITDA	Infinity blade banner ad - Infinity Blade II
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5IiAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKsYITDA	AD_GAME_OF_MONTH_PHONE - Dots & Boxes Neo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY54iAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBifwYITDA	Coin Dozer: Halloween banner ad - Coin Dozer: Halloween
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8IiAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv7oATDA	Banner Ad 5 - abc ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjYmAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBij1vsSDA	Ludo Neo - More Games 1 - 320x50 - Ludo Neo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkImAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9qYITDA	Horse Frenzy banner ad - Horse Frenzy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxpCAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiW24MNDA	Double Verify Test - Mobile Web App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtJiAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBix64ETDA	kk banner ad - CAN SHOOTER
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuZiAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNlvESDA	Breakout Boost iPhone Banner - Breakout Boost
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu5iAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv7oATDA	Banner Ad 6 - abc ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwpiAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjBmIATDA	Lomoko - French Lite banner ad - Lomoko - French Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxJiAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjdjYETDA	public banner ad - public
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlKCAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKsYITDA	AD_MEDIUM_RECT - Dots & Boxes Neo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqqCAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi67oATDA	Banner Ad 3 - vatican ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYraCAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiL54ATDA	Memory Game - Memory Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrqCAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjGwYITDA	Facedial Fast banner ad - FaceDial Fast
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-6eAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjO0P0SDA	iPad banner ad - SneakAndBall
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiaiAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjE44ETDA	blue unicorn banner ad - Classic Books
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiqiAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBia0_wSDA	Fullscreen Ad - Music Battle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjKiAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjl5oATDA	Banner All Ad Networks iPhone - egging
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmKiAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJvIETDA	Main menu banner Ad - Pic Paint
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmaiAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik8IITDA	Banner Ad - Oblique Strategies
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYp6iAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjl44ETDA	mopubtest banner ad - mopubtest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5q-AEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibwYITDA	Ingilizce Kelimeler banner ad - Ingilizce Kelimeler
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY56-AEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKsYITDA	AD_FULLSCREEN_PAD - Dots & Boxes Neo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-q-AEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiArYETDA	Cookie Dozer banner ad - Cookie Dozer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjbCAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjz9IMTDA	Sensors banner ad - Sensors
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlLCAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ0YITDA	Banner Ad - xxzxzxz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzbeAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLv_sSDA	Banner Ad 5 - telegraph
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY57eAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv7oATDA	abc ios banner ad 1 - abc ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6beAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBji24ETDA	Coin Dozer banner ad - Coin Dozer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7beAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjst4ATDA	Coin Dozer: World Tour HD banner ad - Coin Dozer: World Tour HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhbiAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRsIATDA	Picture Password Lite banner ad - Picture Password Lite
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu7-AEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisx4ATDA	ZPTO - Notification Agenda
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxr-AEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBij1vsSDA	Ludo Neo - More Games 2 - 320x50 - Ludo Neo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqseAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBit7oATDA	Banner Ad - C-TY Augsburg
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsMeAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBio8IITDA	BannerAd - GreedyCookie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt8eAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZtIETDA	Android Tablet 728x90  - Chess.com - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh8-AEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKsYITDA	AD_FULLSCREEN_PHONE - Dots & Boxes Neo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYls-AEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjTjYETDA	Banner Ad - C-TY Munchen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn8-AEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTxoMTDA	Mind Blower banner ad - Mind Blower
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrc-AEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjAwYITDA	Main Activity Banner - Notification Agenda (RELEASE)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs8-AEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ0YITDA	Banner Ad - xxzxzxz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY196AEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiysf0SDA	ADUNIT Teste direto - MA M Postumas Bras Cubas
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxOaAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiawYITDA	320x50 - FanApps-MU
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxuaAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjslvESDA	Interstitial_1 - Photosight Gallery
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx-aAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKsYITDA	AD_PROMO_728x90_3 - Dots & Boxes Neo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3uaAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibmoITDA	N Magazine iOS banner ad - N Magazine iOS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6eaAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBinwYITDA	Leaderboard - Elves and the Shoemaker
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7uaAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1hYETDA	iPad - Easter Dots!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiOeAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi67oATDA	Banner Ad 6 - vatican ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjOeAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijyYITDA	Cars And Guns FREE banner ad - Cars And Guns 3D FREE
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjueAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBimrYETDA	Picture Password Lite Full Page iPhone banner ad - Picture Password Lite Full Page iPhone
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkOeAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjojYETDA	Blondinen Witze banner ad - Blondinen Witze
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo-6AEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqh8cSDA	Premium Clock 728x90 - Premium Clock
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpu6AEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjsr4ATDA	Mobile web banner ad - http://m.8tracks.com
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYue6AEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj6roMTDA	CraigsNotifica banner ad - CraigsNotifica
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi_aAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQvo4SDA	iThemes HD SelfPromo phone 3 - iThemes HD Designer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjfaAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLv_sSDA	Banner Ad 3 - telegraph
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlvaAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBja5oATDA	Yo Momma 1 banner ad - Yo Momma
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo_aAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjg24ETDA	Battlefield walls-banner - Battlefield walls
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq_aAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi07oATDA	Banner Ad 5 - election2012
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsfaAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBir8IITDA	coin banner ad - iHandy Coin Flip
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuPaAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBioqIATDA	Calculator banner ad - Calculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYu_aAEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ0YITDA	Banner Ad - xxzxzxz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY__2AEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjl5oATDA	Banner Non-iAd iPad - egging
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgv6AEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijldQDDA	Hello, Android 300x250 - Hello,Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhP6AEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjaroMTDA	 banner ad - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjv6AEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj-iIATDA	uselection banner ad 1 - uselection
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkf6AEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZh4MTDA	iPad - Cars Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5oWBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ4vARDA	Half Page on Menu Appearance - Pro Paint Camera
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiYaBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJuYITDA	RunLOUISIANA banner ad - RunLOUISIANA
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkYaBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjAwYITDA	Main Activity Banner - Notification Agenda (RELEASE)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYloaBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyCwsSA0FwcBiNzCAM	main menu tablets - Cloud Print ads
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxY2BEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLt4ATDA	Canlitv banner ad - Canlitv
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzo2BEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj194ITDA	AppFree Top Banner - App Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4Y2BEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNuYITDA	728x90 banner - La Scopa Pro - iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6Y2BEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZtIETDA	Android Tablet Live Chess 300x250 - Chess.com - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqpWBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQvo4SDA	iThemes HD SelfPromo pad 3 - iThemes HD Designer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuJWBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi07oATDA	Banner Ad 3 - election2012
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvJWBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjGmIATDA	Buddha Quotes banner ad - Buddha Quotes
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwpWBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjM64ETDA	mopubtest banner ad - mopubtest
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnp2BEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBia0_wSDA	Banner Ad - Music Battle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYn52BEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQ-f8SDA	cabsense banner ad - cabsense
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt52BEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi07oATDA	Banner Ad 4 - election2012
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxZ2BEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjChIQTDA	Banner Ad 2 - vatican android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyJ2BEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjCj4MTDA	Oz_TD Free_300X250 - Oz_Tower Defence Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyZ2BEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiAr4MTDA	3D Aeroplane Chess banner ad - 3D Aeroplane Chess
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgKWBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjprIETDA	California Lotto Results banner ad - California Lotto Results
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYiqWBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiD-4ETDA	Banner Ad - C-TY Koln
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkqWBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZyYITDA	Boba Time banner ad - Boba Time
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5KyBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKsYITDA	AD_320x50 - Dots & Boxes Neo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYg62BEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFvIETDA	iPad - Easter Memory Match!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYra2BEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ0YITDA	Banner Ad - xxzxzxz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz7SBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI46YSDA	Ghost Munch Leaderboard Ad - Ghost Munch
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY37SBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv7oATDA	Banner Ad 3 - abc ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4LSBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjqt4ATDA	Prize Claw: Seasons banner ad - Prize Claw: Seasons
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7rSBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiU-4ETDA	BustaVote banner ad - BustaVote
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8rSBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjChIQTDA	vatican android banner ad 1 - vatican android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-bSBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi67oATDA	vatican ios banner ad 1 - vatican ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwLyBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZtIETDA	Android Mobile Full Screen - Chess.com - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxryBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjFvIETDA	iPhone - Easter Memory Match!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhMyBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiGz4ATDA	egging iAd iPad - egging
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhcyBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKsYITDA	AD_PROMO_320x50_2 - Dots & Boxes Neo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYhsyBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj0odsSDA	Banner Ad - 8tracks Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYicyBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQtIETDA	Who's calling banner ad - Who's calling
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjsyBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjhl_sSDA	Banner Ad Test Admob - egging
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlcyBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiMxoMTDA	M A Iaia Garcia Banner - M A Iaia Garcia
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl8yBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJvIETDA	Selection Menu Banner Ad - Pic Paint
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmMyBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjJvIETDA	Startup Title Half Page Ad - Pic Paint
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmsyBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik8IITDA	A ver - Oblique Strategies
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqcyBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi67oATDA	Banner Ad 4 - vatican ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYq8yBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ0YITDA	Banner Ad - xxzxzxz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8NOBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj5hYETDA	Battery Monitor banner ad - Battery Monitor
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0tuBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiawYITDA	FanApps-MU banner ad - FanApps-MU
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY49uBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1iIATDA	MA Esau e Jaco Banner - MA Esau e Jaco
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5tuBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjO8f8SDA	BustaVote banner ad - BustaVote
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY7NuBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiV7YMTDA	Soundtracker radio banner ad - Soundtracker Radio
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8NuBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjv24ETDA	Calculator banner ad - Calculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuuOBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKsYITDA	AD_GAME_OF_MONTH_PAD - Dots & Boxes Neo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxeOBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ4vARDA	List View Banner Ad - Pro Paint Camera
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx-OBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjl5oATDA	Banner iAd-Only iPad - egging
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4uOBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj9t4ATDA	Central Now banner Android - Central Now
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5uOBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjChIQTDA	Banner Ad 4 - vatican android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYo-uBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi52vcSDA	Shared Table map banner ad - Shared Table
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYueuBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj2hYETDA	Banner Ad - C-TY Nurnberg
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxuuBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiI0YITDA	http://101bestandroidapps.com/app/Square-Wars/1663/ banner ad - http://101bestandroidapps.com/app/Square-Wars/1663/
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk_OBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjx0IITDA	Bebo banner ad - Bebo Mobile
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlvOBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZtIETDA	Android Mobile 320x50 Bottom - Chess.com - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm_OBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiv7oATDA	Banner Ad 2 - abc ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYovOBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik8IITDA	Oblique Strategies banner ads - Oblique Strategies
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpvOBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZh4MTDA	iPhone - Cars Coloring Book!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrvOBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjo44ETDA	Soy el que mas sabe de tv banner ad - Soy el que mas sabe de TV
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjvuBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi07oATDA	Banner Ad 2 - election2012
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkPuBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC0YITDA	oi banner ad - oi 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkvuBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisx4ATDA	Sample Ad Unit - Notification Agenda
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk_uBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiexoMTDA	BustaVote banner ad - BustaVote
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYofuBEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjYsYITDA	Chess Free - 320x50 - Chess Free
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2oKCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLv_sSDA	Banner Ad 6 - telegraph
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY44KCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjct4ATDA	talking tom 3 banner ad - talking tom 3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5YKCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrt4ATDA	Horse Frenzy HD banner ad - Horse Frenzy HD
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY74KCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBij1vsSDA	Ludo Neo - More Games 3 - 320x50 - Ludo Neo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx4qCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjYtIETDA	my live wallpaper-banner - my live wallpaper
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy4qCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKioITDA	GoldDigger banner ad - GoldDigger
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYz4qCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi0wYITDA	USA Constitution Banner - USA Constitution
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqpKCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQvo4SDA	iThemes HD GameOfTheMonth phone - iThemes HD Designer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkpqCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQvo4SDA	iThemes HD SelfPromo pad 2 - iThemes HD Designer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqZqCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisx4ATDA	Editor Activity Banner - Notification Agenda
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsJqCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiNxoMTDA	NextBus banner ad - Next Bus Free - realtime transit update for your next TTC, NJT and more than 40 others
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYt5qCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBio8IITDA	FullScreen - GreedyCookie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYupqCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBio8IITDA	Banner Ad - GreedyCookie
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwZqCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi67oATDA	Banner Ad 2 - vatican ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwpqCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi67oATDA	Banner Ad 5 - vatican ios
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-qGCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQvo4SDA	iThemes HD SelfPromo pad 1 - iThemes HD Designer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_qGCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFpYETDA	Meso Ramen Millennial Interstitial Ad - Me So Ramen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5amCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKsYITDA	AD_PROMO_728x90_2 - Dots & Boxes Neo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-amCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBij1vsSDA	Ludo Neo - More Games 1 - 728x90 - Ludo Neo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-qmCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj7m4QTDA	Prezzi Benzina banner ad 320x50 - Prezzi Benzina
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzLGCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFpYETDA	Meso Ramen Millennial Prestitial Ad - Me So Ramen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1LGCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjChIQTDA	Banner Ad 3 - vatican android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY1rmCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ0YITDA	Banner Adfd - xxzxzxz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwsGCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjAwYITDA	Editor Activity Banner - Notification Agenda (RELEASE)
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYxcGCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBij1vsSDA	Ludo Neo - Game of the Month - 728x180 - Ludo Neo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgsmCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBibx4ATDA	Caynax Melody Battery banner ad - Caynax Melody Battery
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYicmCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiFpYETDA	Meso Ramen banner ad - Me So Ramen
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi8mCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBignYETDA	Banner Ad 2 - app 3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYnMmCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjajYETDA	oi banner ad - oi 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6tCCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLv_sSDA	Banner Ad 4 - telegraph
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY9dCCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiTz4ATDA	talking tom 3 banner ad - talking tom 3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY99CCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi764ETDA	abcnews banner ad 1 - abcnews
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-dCCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjD5uYSDA	Banner Ad - Stress Check by Azumio - Free 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYgdGCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiA0YITDA	milliyet banner ad - milliyet
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi9GCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjNuYITDA	1024x768 interstitial - La Scopa Pro - iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0diCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQvo4SDA	iThemes HD SelfPromo phone 1 - iThemes HD Designer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0tiCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQvo4SDA	iThemes HD SelfPromo phone 2 - iThemes HD Designer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYueCCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQvo4SDA	iThemes HD GameOfTheMonth pad - iThemes HD Designer
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYveCCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBisx4ATDA	Main Activity Banner - Notification Agenda
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpeiCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiSzIETDA	Caynax Alarm Clock banner ad - Caynax Alarm Clock
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYi_CCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiLv_sSDA	Banner Ad 2 - telegraph
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYkfCCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjU3oATDA	mobile blog banner ad - mobile blog
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpvCCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjr_4ITDA	modern warfare banner ad - modern warfare
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYrfCCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjrgoITDA	Law of Attraction - 2012 banner ad - Law of Attraction - 2012
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsfCCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjio4QTDA	Picture Password Lite Full Page iPad banner ad - Picture Password Lite Full Page iPad
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY_veCEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBie84ETDA	Coin Dozer: Seasons banner ad - Coin Dozer: Seasons
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2f-CEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKsYITDA	AD_PROMO_320x50_1 - Dots & Boxes Neo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY3_-CEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiX8IITDA	Banner Ad - C-TY FrankfurtamMain
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwYeDEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKsYITDA	AD_PROMO_320x50_3 - Dots & Boxes Neo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYwoeDEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBitmIATDA	COD WALLPAPERS banner ad - COD WALLPAPERS
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY4YeDEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjg44ETDA	Central Now banner ad - Central Now
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5oeDEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ0YITDA	Banner Ad - xxzxzxz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6YeDEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi89oATDA	chinese new year maze banner ad - Chinese New Year Maze Game - The Year of the DRAGON
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqY-DEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjKsYITDA	AD_PROMO_728x90_1 - Dots & Boxes Neo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsY-DEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1hYETDA	iPhone - Easter Dots!
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYvI-DEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi6nYETDA	public banner ad - public
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv4-DEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiOhoETDA	Places with Augmented Reality banner ad - Places with Augmented Reality
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmpeDEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiBn4MTDA	app 2 banner ad - app 2
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYs5eDEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ0YITDA	xxzxzxz banner ad - xxzxzxz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtJeDEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ0YITDA	Banner Ad - xxzxzxz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYtZeDEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ0YITDA	Banner Ad - xxzxzxz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYip-DEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjtiIATDA	Useless Facts 2012 banner ad - Useless Facts 2012
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYjp-DEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiDooITDA	Horse Frenzy banner ad - Horse Frenzy
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYyq6DEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjQtIETDA	Banner Ad - Who's calling
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYzK6DEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjLroMTDA	mobile blog banner ad - mobile blog
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY5a6DEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiRn4MTDA	DEMO APP banner ad - DEMO APP
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8K6DEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi-nKgQDA	iOS_Backgammon_More Games 3_320x50 - Backgammon Gold
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-a6DEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBic-4ETDA	Busmapper Lite banner ad - BusMapper Lite- Live Bus Stops
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYh6-DEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjZtIETDA	Android Tablet Full Screen - Chess.com - Android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYsraDEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiQ84ETDA	Cookie Dozer: Thanksgiving banner ad - Cookie Dozer: Thanksgiving
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYuLaDEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBih84ETDA	Test Application Tubemogul banner ad - Test Application Tubemogul
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYv7aDEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBik5d0QDA	Spin the Bottle 728x90 - Spin the Bottle
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYl8aDEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi07oATDA	Banner Ad 6 - election2012
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYmMaDEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBijl4MTDA	U.S. CItizenship Trainer Test banner ad - U.S. CItizenship Trainer Test
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqcaDEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiUlIQTDA	Penguin Wings android banner ad - Penguin Wings android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYqsaDEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBij1vsSDA	Ludo Neo - Game of the Month - 320x100 - Ludo Neo
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYr8aDEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiuxoMTDA	meme collection banner ad - meme collection
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY6c2DEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBignYETDA	app 3 banner ad - app 3
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY0dWDEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjY3oATDA	Banner Ad - C-TY Furth
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2NWDEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjS34kHDA	Rhodes iTour  - Rhodes iTour
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk-2DEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiS7YMTDA	CMOFlashlight banner ad - CMOFlashlight
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYm-2DEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjAmoITDA	Calculator banner ad - Calculator
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYne2DEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjChIQTDA	Banner Ad 5 - vatican android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYpe2DEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjDmoITDA	 banner ad - 
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY8fSDEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBi07oATDA	election2012 banner ad 1 - election2012
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY-fSDEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjGlYETDA	SimpleAds banner ad - SimpleAds
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2fyDEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBicxoMTDA	3D AnyWhere banner ad - 3D AnyWhere
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUY2_yDEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBj1roMTDA	Game banner - Couple Foreplay Game
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYx4SEEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiZ0YITDA	Banner Ad - xxzxzxz
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYk5SEEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBjChIQTDA	Banner Ad 6 - vatican android
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYlpSEEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBiC1dcSDA	Interstitial 2 - Foreplay
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSBFNpdGUYy6uEEww	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDAsSA0FwcBih84ETDA	Interstitial - Test Application Tubemogul
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyEQsSBFNpdGUiB2FkdW5pdDEM	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSA0FwcCIEYXBwMQw	Banner Ad - App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyEQsSBFNpdGUiB2FkdW5pdDIM	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSA0FwcCIEYXBwMQw	Banner Ad - App
agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyEQsSBFNpdGUiB2FkdW5pdDMM	agltb3B1Yi1pbmNyDQsSA0FwcCIEYXBwMgw	Banner Ad - App2
